!%!*@#@* I'm playing netrek again. I should never have helped Hugh to work here. -- Bruce Sherrod
"..the other day I was surfing the web and saw an image of a well known talk show host superimposed on an image of two men involved in fellatio and I don't want the CDA to take away the small bit of pleasure that image brought me..."
"Adam sucks so you don't have to." Kinda like "Christ died for YOUR sins," except more practical, since Christ's efforts don't get you off the hook for enjoying an Arch Deluxe (not a sin, but definitely sucks!). -- Rohit Khare
"Apple" (c) Copyright 1767, Sir Isaac Newton.
"Are you going to rip my clothes off and ravish me until I talk to God?" "Something like that." -- Perfectly Normal
"As a matter of fact" is an expression that precedes many an expression that isn't.
"Bad knee, gotta run" -- Pat Buchanan to his draft board
"Bandits on the Information Superhighway", one such entry-level manual, is different from your average O'Reilly book insofar as reading it cover-to-cover is unlikely to bump your salary up another $10K. -- Suck
"Bart Bucks" are not legal tender. -- Bart Simpson (writing 500 times on the board)
"Beer, Norm?" "Have I gotten that predictable? Good." -- Cheers
"Beer, Normie?" "Uh, Coach, I dunno, I had one this week. Eh, why not, I'm still young." -- Cheers
"Bother," said Pooh as the brakes went out!
"Bowling?" "You know. That's where a big black thing knocks down a lot of little white things." "That sounds like the A-Team to me."
"Buddy Holly" is a masterpiece of American pop, melding the '90s attitude of new wave with the harmony of '60s surf-pop, and inspiring a video based on a '70s TV show about the '50s. -- Chri$ L!
"Build a watch in 179 easy steps" by C. Forsberg.
"But everybody pees in the pool!" Not from the diving board, my friend. -- Top 5
"Buying an Apple just doesn't make all that much sense when the whole rest of the world is using PC/Windows-based systems." Yeah, and being American doesn't make much sense when there are over a billion Chinese. -- Sam Kass
"C++" should have been called "D".
"Can I draw you a beer, Norm?" "No, I know what they look like. Just pour me one." -- Cheers
"Can, I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?" "A little early, isn't it, Woody?" "For a beer?" "No, for stupid questions." -- Cheers
"cardinality" just means "number of elements". Adam likes to use big words! -- John Thornley
"Coffee." "What?" "Coffee NOW!" -- PCU
"COINCIDENCE" happens.
"Committee" was the spelling decided upon by the first komiti.
"Congratulations! You've described the PostScript filesystem! What does Aleecia win, Don?" "Alex, Aleecia wins second prize -- dinner with Stephen Jay Gould!" -- Dan Martinez
"Criminal Lawyer" is a redundancy.
"Croatia is free," said Tomasz acerbically.
"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of marvelous things. It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory", quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed. -- Randy Davis
"Deion, you've just won the Super Bowl! What are you doing next?" "I'm BUYING Disneyland!" -- Top 5
"Do you know what Alzheimer's is?" "Isn't it a kind of beer?" -- Clockers
"Except for the 55 hours of nonstop sex, I have to say you're nothing but a tease." "56." -- Men Behaving Badly
"Excuse me son, are you aware you were going 130mph back there? Hey, what's with the assault rifles strapped to your bike?" "Just headed for Washington, D.C., officer." -- Axel Essbaum
"Exploding dog tissue typically has a force of 100 psi/gram in free space?" What a fascinating "fact". -- John Dobbin
"General Interest" sites are rarely either. -- J.D. Peterson
"Global variables are good" is part of the company song. It's the chorus. (singing) Global variables are good! Gotos are not always bad! -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
"GOD" is an acronym which stands for "GOD over Djinn". The word "Djinn" is used to designate Genies, Meta-Genies, Meta-Meta-Genies, etc. It is a Typeless word. -- Douglas Hofstadter
"Goodbye," said the fox. "And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye." -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery (The Little Prince)
"Great" *pull out the gun* "piece" *cock the hammer* "of ass" *pull trigger* -- Richard Goodman (On combining sex and violence for the ultimate moviegoing experience)
"Haida would protect you if you were in danger, right?" "Nope. She'd look real worried though." -- John Dobbin and Megan Coughlin about the scary wolf-dog
"Have you lived in this village all your life?" "No, not yet."
"Haven't we met before?" "Yes, I'm the receptionist at the V.D. Clinic."
"Hello," he lied.
"Here's some good news," said the secretary. "You're not sterile."
"Hey Joe, that's not my belly-button!" "It's OK baby, this isn't my finger either..."
"Hey kicky!" "I'm sorry, I just can't sleep in my underwear." "Well you're gonna!" -- Friends
"Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?" "Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?" -- Cheers
"Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you." "I know, and if she calls, I'm not here." -- Cheers
"Hey, Norm, how's the world been treating you?" "Like a baby treats a diaper." -- Cheers
"Hey, Rocky, watch me cast something to a virtual base and have it come through unchanged so that I can still tweak internal values by knowing their offsets!" "That trick... uh, sometimes works, but don't do it!" "Nothing up my sleeve..." ConstantFnoob::ConstantFnoob: this is 0x100847a8 "Presto!" Fnoob::Create: created: fnoob is 0x100847c0 "Guess I'd better get a better compiler." "And now, here's something we hope will actually work!" -- Rob Earhart
"Hey, Rocky, watch this horribly convoluted code I just spent all day writing compile cleanly on the very first try!" "Again? That trick *never* works!" "Presto!" CC: BLEAH! "Guess I'd better get a different compiler." "And now for something we hope you'll *really* like!" -- Rob Earhart
"Hey, you got your sexual misconduct in my power lust!" "Well you got your power lust in my sexual misconduct!" Fade into the logo for 'Unhinged Crunchies' or something.... -- Greg Plesur
"History and Analysis of Film and Technology" was based on the then almost unique technique of actually bothering to watch and study (on a Steinbeck) all the films he wrote about. I'm sure you'll agree that this was certainly a revolutionary method of film study - in doing this he kept noticing that various 'received wisdoms' were, of course, complete rubbish. And the biggest pile of rubbish was outside the door of those Frenchies. So his conclusion was that all this crap was generated because of the French educational system - which insisted on teaching students philosophy as a compulsory subject, up until 'O' level time, whereupon they could drop it. As most did. France is thus awash with semi-philosophical bullshit as mouthed by ill-informed Gallic twits who can sound convincing to anyone who didn't flunk philosophy, but are actually talking complete crap! -- Weeny Todd
"Holy sh*t," said the plumber in the Vatican bathroom...
"How about a beer, Norm?" "Hey, I'm high on life, Coach. Of course, beer is my life." -- Cheers
"How can you be a nymphomaniac if you've never had sex?" "I'm picky."
"How could you acquit O.J. Simpson?" "Insanity, Judge Ito, your honor." "What, all twelve of you?"
"How deceptive can nature be," sighed the hedgehog as he climbed off of the cactus.
"How's a beer sound, Norm?" "I dunno. I usually finish them before they get a word in." -- Cheers
"How's it going, Mr. Peterson?" "Poor." "I'm sorry to hear that." "No, I mean pour." -- Cheers
"How's life in the fast lane?" "Dunno, I can't get on the on-ramp." -- Cheers
"How's life treating you, Norm?" "Like it caught me sleeping with its wife." -- Cheers
"How's life treating you?" "It's not, Sammy, but you can!" -- Cheers
"HTML sucks" is the catch phrase you're looking for here. -- Chris Heiser
"I am the being that is collectively know in the current time frame as circumlocutus of the collective entity borg, commence preperations for you collective entity to be subsumed and assimilated with in ours". alternatively: "i am circumlocutus of borg ... this is going to take a while". -- Joshua Schachter
"I beg your pardon!" said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: "Did you speak?" "Not I!" said the Lory hastily. -- Lewis Carroll
"I don't generally lie to people you know." "Do you lie to people I don't know?" -- John Dobbin
"I don't think so," said Rene Descartes. Just then, he vanished.
"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down to the sea and drown yourselves." "How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why you human beings don't." -- James Thurber
"I hate Victor Hugo", said Les miserably.
"I have a small question regarding MX records. Given a site with two MX records at priority 10 and 20, if I add an additional MX at priority 15 which forwards all mail to the priority 10 MX, and then remove the priority 10 MX, what will happen?" what will happen is, I will come to your site and beat you with a stick you MX-meddling fuck. -- Chris Morgan
"I just ate a fishing lure," said Tom with baited breath.
"I like hamburgers," said Charis, "but I don't eat them." "Hamburgers are not an emotion," said Roz. "Yes they are," said Charis. -- Margaret Atwood (The Robber Bride)
"I like modern painting," said Tom abstractly.
"I only microwave socially, I could stop any time." "I'm Adam, and I'm a microwavaholic." Hi, Adam! -- Ari Rapkin
"I Phelta Thi" is *not* a real fraternity, except at state colleges. -- Top 5
"I read your book last night." "So you were the one." -- Good Will Hunting
"I see," said the blind carpenter, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
"I was in the goth scene. It got lame, so now I'm a techno kid." ... This really means, "I dated a lame goth chick. Now I have concluded that all goth sucks, and have started taking X to help me cope." -- death@punkassbitch.org
"I wish they'd given me a more comfortable chair." 38 years he sat in it. -- Jerry Maguire
"I wish you had Madonna's breasts, too?" Or, "Hey, I like Madonna's breasts right where they are?" Or, "I wish my girlfriend/wife had Madonna's breasts. Is there a tactful way to tell her?" Or, "Did you hear about the new drug you can take that will enlarge your breasts without surgery?" I got a million of them. I'd be a great guy. -- Megan Coughlin anticipates male response to a woman's comment that she "wish[ed] she had Madonna's breasts"
"I'll have the dark bread," said Tom wryly.
"I'm afraid some little blonde will come along and you'll forget all about me." "Nonsense. I'll write you twice a week."
"I'm gonna write me a new mini-van this afternoon!" That situation would be a dream come true for me. (It's right up there with being paid per line of code.) -- John Dobbin
"I'm not going to school today, for two reasons: the teachers hate me and the students make fun of me." "You're going to school today, for two reasons: you're 45 years old and you are the principal."
"i'm not racist because all the reasons i have for hating all the niggers and spics are absolutely true. repeal welfare and affirmative action now!" -- Andrew Stellman
"I've been thinking, Hobbes." "On a weekend?" "Well, it wasn't on purpose..." -- Bill Watterson
"I've lost my flower," said Tom lackadaisically.
"i've seen much weirder in new york" is a good generalization, true in practically all cases. -- Andrew Stellman
"I've struck oil!" Tom gushed.
"I've taken so many cold showers to fight temptation," the priest told the psychiatrist, "that every time it rains, I get an erection."
"If we do happen to step on a mine, Sir, what do we do?" "Normal procedure, Lieutenant, is to jump 200 feet in the air and scatter oneself over a wide area." -- Somewhere in No Man's Land, BA4
"If you continue to strip, I'm leaving you." "Not only am I stripping, but I'm also sleeping with audience members...for money!" "Well, okay, I can accept that...." -- Megan Coughlin paraphrases Jerry Springer
"Imagine you're falling off a cliff and all you've got is a rope to save yourself. At the top of the cliff there's a CMU graduate and an MIT graduate. Which do you throw the rope to?" "The MIT graduate." "The MIT graduate!!? Why?" "I'm probably going fast enough to yank him off the cliff." -- Steve Gifford
"In a riddle whose answer is chess, what is the only prohibited word?" I thought a moment and replied, "The word chess." -- Jorge Luis Borges
"In other words," said Benjy, steering his curious little vehicle right over to Arthur, "there's a good chance that the structure of the question is encoded in the structure of your brain-so we want to buy it off you." -- Douglas Adams (THHGTTG)
"Is it weakness of intellect, birdy?" I cried, "Or a rather tough worm in your little inside?" -- Mel Brooks (High Anxiety)
"Is" is the verb for when you don't want a verb.
"It is hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're only a Very Small Animal." -- Benjamin Hoff (The Tao of Pooh)
"It's 9:59", said Tom pretentiously.
"It's eight o'clock, sir!" "Why the devil didn't you tell me that before?"
"Jerry, I'm a little insulted." "You're not a little anything, Newman." -- Seinfeld
"Let's visit the tomb," said Tom cryptically.
"Lots of people talk to animals," said Pooh. "Maybe, but..." "Not very many listen, though," he said. "That's the problem," he added. -- Benjamin Hoff (The Tao of Pooh)
"Louis, this looks like it could be the start of a beautiful friendship.
"Machiavelli's The Little Prince" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery's classic children's tale as presented by Machiavelli. The whimsy of human nature is embodied in many delightful and intriguing characters, all of whom are executed. -- Erik Anderson
"Master Yoda, are Microsoft products better?" "No. Only easier, more seductive..." -- Mark Denovich
"Mommy, am I decended from a monkey?" "I really don't know. I've never met your father's people."
"More hay, Trigger?" "No thanks, Roy, I'm stuffed!"
"Most men experience impotence at some time in their lives as a result of stress, fatigue, or excessive alcohol consumption." Um, good thing no one here is getting any (sex, that is). But if we were and tended to fall short of the task at hand, we'd look to the On-Line Guide to Impotence for help. We might probe into the FAQ section for more answers: "I've read that impotence is often 'just in a man's head.' Is that true?" Yes - thanks to the miracle of modern science, importance AND impotence have been traced directly to a man's "head." But how does the impotent man rise to the challenge? You guessed it - the key is a patented potion brought to you by those philanthropists at Upjohn. Caverject: It's name alone will turn you on. "Clinical studies prove that when used correctly, it causes an erection firm enough for sexual intercourse in approximately 80% of men, regardless of cause." But not firm enough to, say, prop open a door or smack a kid in the head with. Regardless of cause. Seriously, though - we are grappling with a real pickle, and the upshot is: "[I]f the situation persists or interferes with normal sexual activity, consult a physician." And if you're impotent and claim that it doesn't interfere with normal sexual activity, then run, don't walk, to the nearest, uh, shrink. -- Suck
"My final piece of expert advice," Peavy added, "is that all of you people should just go fuck yourselves." -- The Onion
"My god, we're worshipping this person as if he is some kind of god! Isn't there a commandment about that?" Of course, I then realized that it *was* God we were worshipping, and the irony of it all made me give up all pretense of attending church without force. -- Megan Coughlin realizes she's not cut out for religion
"My God," cried the duchess, "I'm pregnant. Who did it?"
"My project is a pathetic series of poorly planned, near-random acts. My life is a tragedy of emotional desperation." "It's more or less customary to say things are going fine." "I think I need a hug." -- Scott Adams
"My stereo's half fixed," said Tom monotonously.
"Neo, this isn't going to work. Guns don't kill people, people kill people." "No, Trinity. Guns don't kill people, I kill people." -- Trinity and Neo, cr0bar's The Matrix
"Nice beaver." "Thank you. I just got it stuffed." -- Naked Gun
"Nice mink coat," Tom said furtively.
"Noah, I want you to build an ark!" "Right. What's an ark?" -- Bill Cosby
"Oh, Christ!" I scream aloud, taking the name of the Lord in vain to underscore the seriousness of the situation. -- Philip Michaels
"Oh, no!" shouts the computer scientist, "A special case!" -- Joshua Schachter
"Open Systems" means they want your wallet to open.
"Pour you a beer, Mr. Peterson?" "Alright, but stop at one... make that one-thirty." -- Cheers
"Quid pro quo" is Latin for "Sleep with me or clean out your desk."
"Rabbit's clever," said Pooh thoughtfully. "Yes," said Piglet, "Rabbit's clever." "And he has Brain." "Yes," said Piglet, "Rabbit has Brain." There was a long silence. "I suppose," said Pooh, "that that's why he never understands anything." -- AA Milne
"Recursion: see 'Recursion'" is a very old joke. It's also a stinking lie. The correct definition is: Recursion: If you know what recursion is, just remember the answer. Otherwise, locate someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter than you are, and ask him/her what recursion is. -- Andrew Plotkin
"Remember the 80's?" becoming less of a rhetorical question every year. -- Top 5
"Resistance is futile. You will be-- awww, Token Ring?!? -- Joshua Schachter
"Round and round the while() loop goes; whether it stops," Turing says, "no one knows."
"Say... Daddy..." "Not the mama!" -- Dinosaurs
"Scalability" doesn't refer to how easy it is to climb over your computer's case. -- Tom Webb (alt.os.linux)
"Sesquipedalian" sounded familiar. I'm not so damb dumn! -- Robert Harley
"She settled slowly on my love rod" is a phrase that I just can't get out of my head ;) -- Michelle Morrell
"She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back." "Don't you have to go to the bathroom?" "That's why I'm dancing." -- Friends
"Ships ahoy!" yelled Tom fleetingly.
"Skins" are a recent product of the hyper-democratization of code. The computer equivalent of back-ally chin tucks, skins allow a growing number of applications to change their looks in a growing number of ways, almost all of them bad. -- Suck
"Slippery Spleens" would be an excellent name for a rock band. -- Dave Barry
"smut for food"... Churchill never rhetoricized himself into a corner like that! -- Rohit Khare
"Snapple?" "No. Too fruity." -- Seinfeld
"So, Senator Dole, which is it, boxers or briefs?" To which Dole responds: "Depends."
"So, wanna go back to my place?" "Well, I don't know. Will two people fit under a rock?"
"Somebody finds the problem," Linus says, "and somebody else understands it. And I'll go on record as saying that finding it is the bigger challenge." But the point is that both things tend to happen quickly. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
"Spending an evening on the World Wide Web is much like sitting down to a dinner of Cheetos [sic]," says Cliff Stoll, a Berkeley astronomer who has been using the Internet since 1975. "Two hours later your fingers are yellow and you're no longer hungry, but you haven't been nourished." -- WSJ (1/25/96)
"Spooge" is an interesting new term for me! Sounds really yuky... -- John Leong
"Spoonful of sugar" may work for Mary Poppins, but nothing beats a shot of Nyquil and leather restraints for *real* child control. -- Top 5
"Stop that son; you'll go blind." "I'm over here, Dad."
"SWM seeks intelligent SWF for pointless sexual relationship. I'm bitter, jaded, and hate the outdoors, but don't let that stop you since I won't value your opinion anyway. Call me, and save the money you would have spent on dinner and a movie." -- Aaron Davison
"T.S. Elliot," ex-P.F.C. Wintergreen said in his mail sorting cubicle at Twenty-seventh Air Force Headquarters, and slammed down the telephone without identifying himself. -- Joseph Heller
"Take off, dude!" "No way!" "Way, you hoser!" -- Bob, Doug, Bill, Ted, Wayne & Garth
"test my weight on hose holder", what kind of a text adventure command is that? "test my weight", you're not carrying anything called "weight" anyway. As if. -- Michael Allen
"Thank you for riding the EgoTrain, have a nice trip." Riding? I *own* it! -- Jim Hong
"That makes 144," said Tom grossly.
"That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed." -- L. Frank Baum (The Land of Oz)
"the devil's advocate". intended moral: lawyers are bad. real moral: keanu is bad. do not rent movies with him in them. -- May Jawdat
"The Fabulous Snake Doots" would be an excellent name for a rock band. -- Dave Barry
"The food here is terrible." "I know... and such small portions, too." -- Woody Allen
"The government doesn't want you to know." Then me and the government, we're in cahoots! -- Eric Bax
"The hot new sound of the Chemical Brothers is now available at Target," came over the speakers. -- Jim Whitehead
"The maid has the night off," said Tom helplessly.
"The next time we say 'Screw or walk!' to our double dates," groaned the fellow to his buddy, "we better have our own car."
"The only guide to stylish post-feminist modem grrrl culture." If the word "stylish" doesn't make you shudder, that clever ploy of tacking on a "post-" to one-up an entire ideology should whisper "bull caca" in your ear. -- Suck
"The point I have been patiently trying to make," Godwin said impatiently, "is that you expect far too much of a first sentence. Think of it as analogous to a good country breakfast: what we want is something simple, but nourishing to the imagination. Hold the philosophy, hold the adjectives, just give us a plain subject and perhaps a wholesome, nonfattening adverb or two." -- Godwin (To Danny Deck, Some Can Whistle)
"The pyramid is opening!" "Which one?" "The one with the ever-widening hole in it!" -- Firesign Theater (How Can You Be In Two Places At Once When You're Not Anywhere At All)
"The Red Book will you read, hmmm? You data on the stack, followed by your operators will you put, hmmm?" "I'm not afraid." "You will be. *You will be.*" -- Dan Martinez
"The world isn't fair, Calvin." "I know, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor?" -- Bill Watterson
"Then I turn around and yell to the rest of them, 'Leave this poor, innocent girl alone! You're all a bunch of sick, deranged animals! Go home before I teach you all a lesson in pain!'" St. Peter, impressed, says, "Really? When did this happen?" "Oh, about two minutes ago."
"There are times - in particular, when telling others about an idea - when an extraordinary intellect can actually do more harm than good." I don't understand. -- Rohit Khare
"There's room for one more," Tom admitted.
"They're such NICE young men," said 78 year old Mildred Matthews, walking her dog nearby. "They would pet my dog, and we'd talk about Art Bell, Deep Space Nine and the X Files. I think they just got tired of being repressed and kept down by The Man," said this great-grandmother when interviewed this morning. (Linux Advocates Turn Violent, Go On Rampage)
"This is the first step towards my thesis," said Tom abstractly.
"This meat is hard to chew," Tom beefed jerkily.
"This" cyberscene? Yeah, like this bboard is a "virtual reality", not just a bunch of ASCII-twiddling weenies who have the privelege of Internet access... -- Mike Greelish
"Truck drivers," Mae said reverently, "an' after them shitheels." -- John Steinbeck (Grapes of Wrath)
"TV is the devil's tool." Yeah, where is it? -- Beavis
"Underground" is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters "und." Wrong. Underfund. Hey, it could be a word... -- John Dobbin
"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
"Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?" "Je voudrais bien, mais je n'ai rien a porter."
"We have Attention Deficit... uh, Disorder!" "What?" "What!?" -- Milk & Cheese
"Well, it seems to have a lot of momentum." Of course it has momentum. You gain momentum very fast when you're rolling downhill out of control. What I want here is not momentum. What I want is progress. -- Elizabeth Zwicky
"Whaddya say, Norm?" "Well, I never met a beer I didn't drink. And down it goes." -- Cheers
"What a great idea! No system errors. Why didn't I think of that before?" I wondered as I performed the international gesture for "duh". -- Adam Leffler
"What do you say to a beer, Normie?" "Hiya, sailor. New in town?" -- Cheers
"What do you say, Norm?" "Any cheap tawdry thing that'll get me a beer." -- Cheers
"What is that? You never wear cologne!" "Did you ever think that maybe I'm wearing it for you?" "You're pathetic." -- Mad About You
"What sign were you born under?" "No Parking."
"What was Mrs. Jones' maiden name?" "Why, her maiden aim was to get married."
"What will a 100 percent Netscape Java browser mean for computer users? It will make Netscape's widely used browsers much more portable, allowing them to [...] crash [...] on many different computers and within other software applications." -- Robert Rodgers editting Marc Andreessen
"What will you have, Norm?" "Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy. I'll take a glass of whatever comes out of that tap." "Oh, looks like beer, Norm." "Call me Mister Lucky." -- Cheers
"What would you say to a beer, Normie?" "Daddy wuvs you." -- Cheers
"What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?" "Going down?" -- Cheers
"What'd you like, Normie?" "A reason to live. Gimme another beer." -- Cheers
"What'll it be, Normie?" "Just the usual Coach. I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel." -- Cheers
"What's a summons?" "It means summon's in trouble." -- Rocky and Bullwinkle
"What's going down, Normie?" "My butt cheeks on that bar stool." -- Cheers
"What's going on, Mr. Peterson?" "A flashing sign in my gut that says, Insert beer here." -- Cheers
"What's going on, Mr. Peterson?" "Another layer for winter, Woody." -- Cheers
"What's new, Normie?" "Terrorists, Sam. They've taken over my stomach. They're demanding beer." -- Cheers
"What's shaking, Norm?" "All four cheeks and a couple of chins, Coach." -- Cheers
"What's the story, Mr. Peterson?" "The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery. Let's cut to the happy ending." -- Cheers
"What's the story, Norm?" "Boy meets beer. Boy drinks beer. Boy meets another beer." -- Cheers
"What's up, Norm?" "Corners of my mouth, Coach." -- Cheers
"What's up, Norm?" "Everything that's supposed to be." -- Cheers
"What's up, Normie?" "The temperature under my collar, Coach." -- Cheers
"What's your pleasure, Mr. Peterson?" "Boxer shorts and loose shoes. But I'll settle for a beer." -- Cheers
"Whatcha up to, Norm?" "My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall." -- Cheers
"When did you get to be so paranoid?" "When they started plotting against me." -- The Paper
"When the Levee Breaks" is not a 'great song for fucking'. That song is great in a FAST CAR, a fast RED car, a fast red car with PERELLI tires, at about ONE HUNDRED MILES PER HOUR, as delivered by a KENWOOD 100 WATT SIX SPEAKER STEREO, via a CD PLAYER, with all the WINDOWS and THE SUNROOF completely DOWN and/or OPEN, at NIGHT, with the LIGHTS OFF, in the RAIN, and with a complete FREAK driving said car, so I can put on SUNGLASSES and CLEARLY see the GODS of REALITY QUALITY ASSURANCE loudly STOMP upon this BLACK EARTH and use their HAMMERS OF BEATEN PAIN to take long arc SIDESWIPES at THE FOOLS WHO THINK I NEED TO KNOW WHAT THEY THINK ABOUT THEIR PASSIONLESS ANIMAL LIVES. -- Paul Mazaitis
"Where's Walden?"- Alas, the challenge of locating Henry David Thoreau in each richly-detailed drawing loses its appeal when it quickly becomes clear that he is always in the woods. -- Sandra Hull
"Who is the oldest inhabitant of this village?" "We haven't got one; we had one, but he died three weeks ago."
"Why do we have to hide from the police, Daddy?" "Because we use vi, son. They use emacs." -- Dave Fischer
"Why has the beer Buddha been moved?" "He asked me to dance." -- Men Behaving Badly
"Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?" "No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass." -- Cheers
"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?" "That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat. -- Lewis Carroll
"Wouldn't you say, Pooh?" "Say what?" asked Pooh, opening his eyes. "Music and Living-" "The same thing," said Pooh. -- Benjamin Hoff (The Tao of Pooh)
"Yes, he really is crazy, Doc," Dunbar assured him. "Every night he dreams he's holding a live fish in his hands." -- Joseph Heller
"You can't just turn on creativity like a faucet, you have to be in the right mood." "What mood is that?" "Last-minute panic." -- Calvin and Hobbes
"You got one of them Marshall Hiwatt AC30 amplificatior thingies and a Gibson StratoBlaster geetar with a Fried Rose tremulo?" "You're a drummer, aren't you?" "Yeah. How'd you know?" "This is a travel agency."
"You hate people!" But I love gatherings. Isn't it ironic? -- Clerks
"You know, I often wonder what you'll be like when you're senile." "I'm looking forward to it." "Yeah, I think it'll be a very smooth transition for you." -- Seinfeld
"You mess this up, I'll kill you." "I'm glad we had this talk." -- Jerry Maguire
"You're 21 and you sleep with a teddy bear!" "*You're* 24 and you sleep with *everybody*!"
"You're such a nice guy" means "I'm going to be dating leather wearing alcoholics, and complaining about them... to you." -- Friends
"Your breasts... they feel strange." "Oh, that's because they're real." -- LA Story
# of Vulcans needed to replace a bulb? Precisely 1.0000000
$$$ not found -- (A)bort (R)efinance (B)ankrupt?
$$$ not found -- A)bort, R)efinance, D)eclare bankruptcy
$10 Whatta you want $8 for? You know how much $6 is. Ok. Here's $4. (Gives son $2 and asks for $1 change). -- Jewish Father
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at which time it will be worth absolutely nothing. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
$1000 reward for finding this man:
$200K a year to Bill Clinton, leader of the free world. $3.5 million a year to Jeff George, warmer of the free bench. -- Top 5
&amp;TheMenWhoHoldHighPlacesMustBeThe1stToStart..
<choke> <choke> <run to bathroom> <vomit> <wipe mouth> -- John Dobbin
<pot> /msg kettle you black
<your scream here> -- Jim Zelenka
<ZAP> That was *not* manual override. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
(*) i'm not a hypocrite; i'm experienced. -- Aleecia McDonald
(1) Everything depends. (2) Nothing is always. (3) Everything is sometimes.
(1) mp3 players do not bother to verify the format of the file you hand them beyond the header (2) if you transfer an MP3 in ascii mode, you get one of the weirdest audio experiences I've ever heard (3) especially if it's the A Team theme. -- Robert Rodgers
(A)bort (F)ail (T)oss computer across room
(A)bort (R)epent (I)gnorant?
(A)bort (R)etry (F)ail, (G)rab_Hammer
(A)bort (R)etry (G)et The Sledge Hammer
(A)bort (R)etry (I)gnore, (K)ick system?
(A)bort (R)etry (I)gnore, (O)verthrow System?
(A)bort (R)etry (I)gnore, (S)orry I Asked
(A)bort (R)etry (I)nfluence with large hammer
(A)bort (R)etry (K)ill innocent bystanders
(A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
(A)bort (R)etry (P)retend this never happened . . .
(A)bort (R)etry (S)ell it
(A)bort (R)etry (S)mack the @#$&amp;*~ thing
(A)bort (R)etry (S)mack the friggin thing
(A)bort (R)etry (S)ue
(A)bort (R)etry (T)ake an axe to it?
(A)bort, (R)etry, (I)nfluence with large hammer?
(A)bort, (R)etry, (P)retend this never happened?
(A)bort, (R)etry, or (I)nfluence with hammer.
(c) Copywight 1995 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.
(C)ontrol (A)lt (B)ye
(D)inner not ready: (A)bort (R)etry (P)izza
(I)gnore (R)etry (A)bort (M)eltdown
(Top story on "Entertainment Tonight," Sept. 25, 1998) "How do you follow an act like a show about nothing? With "Nothing"! NBC proved that there is life after "Seinfeld" last night when it debuted the revolutionary show "Nothing" in "Seinfeld's" old Thursday 9 p.m. slot. For one half-hour, the screen was blank, except for commercials. And it didn't seem to bother viewers accustomed to tuning in for "Seinfeld" one bit! "Nothing" was the highest rated show of the night, handily winning its time slot over CBS's "Mandelbaum," Fox's "World's Scariest Naked Fat Guys on Crystal Meth" and ABC's "Cracker" ... -- Joyce Millman (Salon)
* experienced a moment of true Yuppie-dom last night as both my pager AND cellphone went off at the same time while I was driving, and in attempting to answer the cell and check the pager, I nearly spilled my Starbucks latte. If I'd been driving a Sports Utility Vehicle and/or wearing any article of clothing from the Gap, the horror would have been complete and I would have had to commit suicide. -- Susan Kirby
*I* am Satan. It is not my tool. -- Mahua Dutta on D&D
*If you're viewing this page then you're already a winner! ... *The tern "winner" means many things to many people and we use it in it's the most tenuous way possible. -- www.sony.com
*Someone* is going to be laying that provocative, pretty, hot-pantsed little girl soon, if someone isn't doing it already, and why shouldn't it be me, instead of some callow, arrogant wise guy, who would not relish her as much as I would, regale and intoxicate her with the spell of flattery and small attentions I could weave, or savor the piquant degeneracy of it nearly as much as I would be certain to. -- Joseph Heller
*This message contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including the timetable for world domination and the public's acceptance of my benevolent dictatorship. More information on potential factors that could affect the success of the plan described in this statement is included in the public and private speech archive of Emperor Sam I (am). -- Sam Kass
*WARNING: These cartoons are merely satire and exaggeration. Camp Chaos is not a spokesman for Napster Inc., the recording industry, Metallica, or Motley Crue, or Who Wants to be a Millionaire? for that matter. We make silly cartoons which we hope people, like you, will enjoy. If you want serious political discussion and opinion regarding copyright laws, MP3s, or anything related, call the Supreme Court or your Mom. You won't find anything seriously addressing these issues on our site. But there is one thing we're serious about: elves. If you're an actual elf from a mystical forest, we hate you and your whole elfin family. Elves bad! -- The Camp Chaos Mafia
----> If you cut here, you'll ruin your monitor. <----
... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *did* quote anybody in this business, it probably would be gibberish. -- Thom McLeod
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity. -- Mark Twain
... After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations. -- H. L. Mencken (on Shakespeare)
... all the modern inconveniences ... -- Mark Twain
... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often picturesque liar. -- Mark Twain
... an OS originally designed for a microprocessor that modern kitchen appliances would sneer at.... -- Dave Trowbridge on MS-DOS
... and we're doing it in such a way that we don't need to know why we're doing it... -- Dr. Michael Erdmann (on continuations in Scheme)
... but when you come to Heritage USA, remember to bring your Bible and your VISA card - because the Bible is the Holy Truth, and God doesn't take American Express. -- Bruce Kirby
... Computer Science should be in the College of Theology. -- R. S. Barton
... i found myself making pissy comments about all their pissy comments. it was pretty dumb. -- Kristiina Wilson
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... impeccable!
... MAKE.SHAME.FAST. Just go out, sleep with the five people on the list, add your name to the bottom, and then pass the list on to a bunch of your friends... -- Bruce Sherrod
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. -- Robert Firth
... Perhaps of even greater significance is the continuous and profound distrust of science and technology that the environmental movement displays. The environmental movement maintains that science and technology cannot be relied upon to build a safe atomic power plant, to produce a pesticide that is safe, or even bake a loaf of bread that is safe, if that loaf of bread contains chemical preservatives. When it comes to global warming, however, it turns out that there is one area in which the environmental movement displays the most breathtaking confidence in the reliability of science and technology, an area in which, until recently, no one -- even the staunchest supporters of science and technology -- had ever thought to assert very much confidence at all. The one thing, the environmental movement holds, that science and technology can do so well that we are entitled to have unlimited confidence in them, is FORECAST THE WEATHER! -- for the next one hundred years... -- George Reisman (The Toxicity of Environmentalism)
... problems continue in the South African black townships. Four people were killed in violent clashes yesterday. A black spokesman said - this situation is a tragedy for our people; we get no help from the government; blacks are dying and all the whites can do is talk about cricket. [very brief pause] last night at the Sydney Cricket Ground, the South African cricket team defeated Australia in the day-night match ..... -- A(ustralian)BC-FM news
... so, given that the brain is built out of really crummy hardware, I mean, worse than the stuff you buy at Radio Shack ... -- David S. Touretzky
... where the 'stuff of life' is raining out of the skies... -- Carl Sagan
..."Little Blue Riding Hood" -- poor girl had her taxes blown away by buggy software, so she has to sell her house and move in with GrandMa, who has been christened a member of Team OS/2. She has developed protruding fangs and hair has begun to grow from her ears. -- Robert Rodgers
...a can of Schlitz, a basket of nachos, and thou. -- Top 5
...a generation that had found all gods dead, all wars fought in vain, and all faiths in humanity shaken. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
...almost everyone in the film is made a little too dumb for my taste (even by New Hampshire standards). -- Nikki Gustas
...although I've never actually kissed anyone with a full-blown beard, I'm guessing it would be like making out with a hairbrush... -- Cheryl Droffner
...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite picturesque liar. -- Mark Twain
...and full-fledged member of the 'Powers-That-Be' -- Jean Dexheimer
...and I am not going to do the proof because the proof for this is stupid. -- Prof. Silhavy
...and I was just trying to live my bloody life - you know, get from A to B, and do a little shopping - only to find that in fact life is controlled poorly by bits of *bloody*, *bloody* buggery bits of paper. I mean, why can't life just be made a little bit easier for everybody, you know, I mean why do we play bloody taxes? I know, you know, to buy railings to put outside bloody shops so stupid people can't run into the bloody road, but you know, we're not all stupid. We don't all need nursemaiding. I mean, why not have a stupidity tax, just tax the stupid people! -- Absolutely Fabulous
...And the lord said, 'lo, there shall only be case or default labels inside a switch statement.' -- Apple MPW C compiler error message
...and you recognize the reflection in our eyes, because deep down inside we are all one and the same. We're clutching at straws, still drowning. Clutching at straws, but still drowning. -- Marillion (The Last Straw)
...anyone could learn Lisp in 1 day, except that if they already knew Fortran, it would take 3 days. -- Marvin Minsky
...as if you can convince everyone that you really came out of your way to buy a king-size Snickers bar and a yo-yo, but, while you're here, you figured you'd stock up on enemas and home pregnancy tests. -- Cheryl Droffner
...because i spent the first three hours of the day in intense meditation trying to decide the most effective way for me to convey my overwhelming desire for you to BITE ME. -- Chris Heiser
...being as we've reached this violent consensus... -- Chuck Koelbel
...blowing away a fleeing suspect with my 44 magnum used to mean everything to me. I enjoyed it. Well, who wouldn't? -- Naked Gun 2 1/2
...borrowed from the epidemiological concept of herd immunity... -- Rohit Khare (under protest)
...dice aren't to tell a Storyteller what happens, dice are for SOUND EFFECTS -- Daniel Chapman
...each day, death walks the earth, and we continue to live as though we were immortal. -- Yudishthira (The Bhagavad Gita)
...everyone in this building says Hi to you when they see you in the hallway, whether they know you or not. I respond to this in 2 ways: 1) I'm from NYC and I should kill you. 2) Gee, people are friendly here and i should be nice. -- Scott Berkun
...for there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. -- Hamlet II.ii.253-4
...Hoare-like client/server approach... -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
...i don't ask her anything about her music. probably so i'm never able to name it. if i don't know what it is, it's somehow less annoying. -- John Jantos
...I think I shall simply place my thoughts elsewhere while you chatter away.
...I will have hideous nightmares involving huge monsters in academic robes carrying long bloody butcher knives labelled Excerpt, Selection, Passage and Abridged. -- Helene Hanff
...I'm not sure what my answer would be.... If the question were "sex, drugs, rock'n'roll, or a high speed net connection" the choice would be much easier. -- Adam Rixey
...idiots, imbeciles, aliens, the insane and women... -- law standing in Texas until 1918 regulating who could not vote
...it was more a process of incrementation than revelation. I started by not fretting over minor missteps, and built my way gradually upward from there, to the point where I can now fuck up in ways that plunge the ecologies of entire third-world nations into dry and dusty ruin, send whole planeloads of widows and orphans screaming to fiery deaths, deliver dozens of pounds of weapons-grade plutonium to fanatics convinced they're on a direct line to God, and still keep a beatific smile upon my face. -- Dan Martinez
...it's predictable, but I wouldn't like to predict it myself. -- C. Lawson
...live, reporting from the California Institution of Technology...
...manufacturers provide Installable Client Drivers (ICDs) implementing a limited subset of OpenGL, sometimes referred to as "mini-GL". The term for such a driver is thus "mini-GL ICD", pronounced "enough GL functionality to play GLQuake with." -- Dan Martinez
...meanwhile, back at the oasis, all the Arabs were eating their dates.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, grandma was beating off the Indians, while the cavalry was coming.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, Tonto disguised as a cigarette got his butt stomped.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, Tonto disguised as a mathematician got his root extracted.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, Tonto disguised as a pool table gets his balls racked.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, Tonto disguised as a teabag is up to his neck in hot water.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, Tonto disguised as a toilet is taking it all in.
...meanwhile, back at the ranch, Tonto, disguised as a doorknob comes off in the Lone Ranger's hand.
...much of Usenet is essentially "My tribal deity can beat your tribal deity"! -- Michael Covington
...rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable. -- Sun Tzu (The Art of War)
...sex sometimes is just more of a pain than a pleasure. Much like ezmail. -- Chris Rapier
...since I have left Apple it has had its first profitable year in a while and the stock has tripled. Those of you who are Macintosh and Apple fans, you have my word that I will not return to the company... -- Guy Kawasaki
...six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats. -- The Washington Post Magazine
...so I'm sitting here telling her about my skills and how I'm the super master of everything and about how I actually *made* John Black out of twelve transistors and a block of aluminium (courtesy of Bell Labs). She said that someone would get back to me in two weeks. -- Chris Heiser
...some of the newer beepers also have a vibra-mode. Don't keep these in your pants-pocket, kids. '...I'm *so* glad you called.' -- Elliott Evans
...sometimes a network is just a network... -- Mitchell Kertzman
...that rare first draft of the Constitution with the word 'suckers' in it. -- Smithers (The Simpsons)
...the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in charity we can only call inhuman. -- R. A. Lafferty
...the proper way to read netnews now is to grep /usr/spool/news for names of people you know, and read only that... -- Bruce Sherrod
...the substance of our first act will be shadows, and the strife with shadows. Heavier the interval than the consummation. All things prepare the event. Watch. -- T.S. Eliot (Murder in the Cathedral)
...the true artist is always rich. I have no patience with those who toil away in squalor, claiming to develop new art forms. The experimental novel is a waste of public funds, and I'm sure Noah would agree with me. -- Jeanette Winterson (Boating for Beginners)
...the two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity. -- Harlan Ellison
...there remains to civic-minded, responsible, thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, elminate the money system, institute complete automation, and destroy the male sex. -- Valerie Solanis
...there were two hackers who were on the Usenet. And one of them has an idea: He would write a program to automatically read the news, make up wisecracks and crosspost to randomly-selected groups. He worked long and hard on this, consuming much Jolt Cola in the process. In the end, the program was written and ready to go. Only it didn't have a name ... Eventually they agreed on a name, and the program came to be called KIBO, or Knowledge In Bullshit Out. In Our Next Episode: Someone spills liquid LSD on the computer, KIBO comes to life and takes over the Net singlehandedly. -- Andrew Bulhak
...there's some new industry standard definition of "exactly" (as in, "a user using Microsoft Internet Explorer sees exactly the same thing as a user using Netscape Navigator" which does not mean the traditional "precisely", but rather means "hey, buy our stuff". -- Faisal Jawdat
...this is a dark and terrible era where you will find little comfort or hope. If you want to take part in the adventure then prepare yourself now. Forget the power of technology, science and common humanity. Forget the promise of progress and understanding, for there is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter and the laughter of thirsting gods. -- Warhammer 40,000 promotional copy
...those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded ...Sad, indeed, is it to see how men occupy themselves with trivialities, and are indifferent to the grandest phenomena-- care not to understand the architecture of the heavens, but are deeply interested in some contemptible controversy about the intrigues of Mary Queen of Scots! -- Herbert Spencer
...to emphasize the afterlife is to deny life. To concentrate on Heaven is to create hell. In their desperate longing to transcend the disorderliness, friction, and unpredictability that pesters life; in their desire for a fresh start in a tidy habitat, germ-free and secured by angels, religious multitudes are gambling the only life they may ever have on a dark horse in a race that has no finish line. -- Tom Robbins
...to raise a signal means to turn the light on; ... Responding to a signal means turning the light off (and, under System V, hoping the bulb won't blow when it's next turned on)... -- Dan Bernstein
...uncontrolled descents into terrain...
...what's the point of making non-addictive drugs illegal? If anything which alters the mental state of the individual is to be illegal in case he's unable to function in society, can we have a ban on religion please? -- mathew@mantis.co.uk
...while we were there she got her nose pierced with a relatively big hoop. She asked me my opinion of it, and I said that I really liked it and that it gave her this whole "formidable woman of strength" look. She said that she'd always had that, and I said "Yes you've always had it, but now it's in your nose." -- Greg Plesur
...wrote lots of hash table code last night. only it's not just hash table code. it works with lightweight threads. i think if it werent' for the anti-cold medicine, i never would've been able to visualize the way the locks neeed to intertwine to work correctly. it'll be amusing to see if the code's readable when i'm awake again. -- Rob Earhart
.666 -- The Number of the Millibeast -- Randy Goldstein
/me does Snoopy dance all across living room...
/me flashes an evil grin and fondles his high power weapons...
0-60 in five miles. 0-60 in your dreams. 0-60 in April.
1 + 1 = ? ... Ask my calculator.
1 in 7 Americans would prefer to give up sex than their remote control.
1 Minute Shut Mouth Worth 1 Hour Explanation.
1) Conquer the computer industry. 2) Conquer the world. 3) Conquer the universe. 4) Finally get around to making Windows easy to use, administer, and program for (if we feel like it). -- Ernie Prabhakar
1)Chair; 2)Chains; 3)Eyelid props; 4)The Jenny McCarthy Show. -- Top 5
1. Don't be dumb and a butthead. 2. Don't do the bad thing with a horse. -- Megan Coughlin's House Rules
1. Everything depends. 2. Nothing is always. 3. Everything is sometimes.
1. Never remove your wig. 2. Never say anything. 3. Don't get drunk and let him shag you. -- Blackadder IV
1. Take care of your feet. 2. Try not to do anything stupid, like get killed. -- Forrest Gump
1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight: It's not just a good idea, it's the law!
1/100th of a second is called a jiffy.
10 out of 5 doctors feel it's OK to be skitzo!
10 pt winner to Adam... "Sure, I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints." -- Robbie Polinsky
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
100,000 lemmings can't be wrong.
101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR: 1. Scarecrow for centipedes; 2. Dead cat brush; 3. Hair barrettes; 4. Cleats; 5. Self-piercing earrings; 6. Fungus trellis; 7. False eyelashes; 8. Prosthetic dog claws; ...; 99. Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors; 100. Killer velcro; 101. Currency.
10:30 is a popular time for class, so we can't get another room to take our tests in. That means we all have to be in here, so it will be very crowded, but if I catch any of you cheating I'll personally break your kneecaps. -- Dr. Mete Soner
11 was a race-horse, 22 was 12. When 1111 race, 22112.
11% of Americans that suffer from indigestion would rather retake the SAT than watch a Jesse Helms filibuster.
11% of people who have tried Prozac would like to see Dan Quayle make a comeback because Al Gore just isn't funny enough.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321.
117 documents match your query. Search Amazon.com for top-selling titles about +dwarf +"pubic hair". -- AltaVista
11:15 Restate my assumptions: 1. Mathematics is the language of nature. 2. Everything around us can be represented and understood through numbers. 3. If you graph these numbers, patterns emerge. Therefore: There are patterns everywhere in nature. -- Pi
11th commandment - Covet not thy neighbor's 586.
12% of European homes have a PC, compared with 37% of American homes. -- WSJ (1/97)
1200 bps used to seem so fast...
13th Generation: Abort, Retry, Fail, Ignore? -- Strauss and Howe
14% of Americans surveyed agreed that Puerto Rico should not be the 51st state because "that extra star would make the flag look bad."
15c of every stamp is for storage
16% of Perot voters believe "if dolphins were really smart, they could get out of those nets."
17% of college graduates would punch themselves really hard in the face for $50.
18 IPS is moseying along. 200 IPS is hauling ass. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
18,000 dollars a year and all I've I got to show for it is an Andrew account and no sleep. -- Jay Laefer
186,282 miles per second: It's not just a good idea, it's the law.
186,282 miles per second: It's not the law, it's just a challenge.
1942 pennies are lucky. 1942 thousand-dollar bills are luckier.
1948, n.: A novel for dyslexics by George Orwell.
1955-1975: 36 Elvis movies. 1975-1989: nothing. -- Tom Neff
1984 has past, forget about Big Brother. Welcome to the 90's where the government's your mother! -- Scatterbrain
1994, the only reality we have. -- Robin Quivers
1st LAW OF TESTS: 80% of the final will be on the one lecture you missed and about the one book you didn't read.
1st we shoot all the lawyers, 2nd we strangle them, 3rd..
2 + 2 = 4, for the time being.
2 + 2 = 5, for sufficiently large values of 2.
2 + 2 now equals 5.15785423. Please recalibrate your equipment accordingly.
2 female Boston Terrier puppies, 7 wks old, Perfect markings, 555-1234. Leave mess.
2.7 percent of American men are active homosexuals. I guess that means the rest just lie there. -- Bill Maher
20,000 miles to an oasis, 20,000 years will I burn. 20,000 chances are wasted, waiting for the moment to turn... Catch me if I fall.
20-Something, Floundering, and Off the Yuppie Track. -- Steven Gibb
200 pounds of cowboy determination takes on 2000 pounds of beef with an attitude. -- Kevin and Bean
21 letter acronym: NAVAIRWARCENTRASYSDIV (Nav Air War Cen Tra Sys Div)
23 really *is* the penultimate prime of life. -- Rohit Khare
23.8? that's dangerously close to the fuzzy-animals-event-horizon.
24 hours in a day and 24 beers in a case. Hmmmm.....
24 hours in a day... 24 beers in a case... coincidence?
2400 Baud makes you want to get out and push!!
2400 isn't net access, it's purgatory -- Rob Earhart
25% of American men kiss their wives goodbye when leaving the house. 99% of them kiss their houses goodbye when leaving the wife.
28% of those who called themselves "normal" Americans would like to be King of Great Britain, but not if they had to marry the Queen.
29% of Perot voters say "The candidate I vote for usually loses."
2nd star on the right, then on until morning
3 dreaded words when making love: Is that it?
3 minutes means everything to us... 7 minutes means even more.
3 out of 4 Americans make up 75% of the population.
3 step plan on how to get what you want in life: 1. Cheat. 2. Lie. 3. Steal.
3 ways to get something done: 1. Do it yourself. 2. Hire someone. 3. Forbid your kids to do it.
3-year-old teacher needed for pre-school. Experience preferred.
34% of those who voted Republican in the last election believe Forrest Gump was a documentary.
35% of Americans believe Richard Nixon went to heaven. 59% believe he went "someplace else."
355/113 -- Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation
36 is significant because at 36 you can sleep with someone half your age and not go to jail. -- Jon Ferro
39% of Americans believe that guns are not "as dangerous as they say."
4 food groups: fast, frozen, microwaved, and junk
400 sizzling chapters. A searing indictment of domestic servitude in the 18th century, with some hot gypsies thrown in. My magnum opus. -- Blackadder III
42% of all major-league home runs were hit with 2 strikes on the batter. That's the good news. The bad news: Of all the strikeouts ever recorded, 100% of them came with two strikes on the batter. -- Men's Health
43% of all statistics are worthless.
43rd Law of Computing: Anything that can go wr <segmentation fault>
45 bucks?!? You're just gonna end up NAKED anyway!!
45% of Americans believe that if space aliens could pick up C-Span and see Sonny Bono on the floor of the House, they would never visit Earth.
49%of the U.S. population belongs to some minority group.
4:00 PM - Nova - "Creationism: Discredited, but what the hell?" -- Republican PBS
55 saves lives. -- Rodney King
555! The number of the Fnord!
5th LAW OF THE OFFICE: Vital papers will move from where you left them to where you can't find them.
640K ought to be enough for anybody. -- Bill Gates (1981)
668 - Neighbor of the Beast
69 is fine...but 77'll get me 8 more...
7 deadly sins in one sentence: It enrages me that I, a clearly superior person, should have less money than my neighbor, whos wife I would love to fuck If I weren't so busy eating pork chops and sleeping all day. -- Steve Archer
7 months ago I could give an order and 541,000 people would follow it. Today I can't get a plumber to come to my house. -- Norman Schwartzkopff
7 pm is fine by me. i think i can manage most of josh's list, except for the underage blonde hookers. i'm working on the penguins. -- Christy Regenhardt
70% of American women have never had an emotionally satisfactory relationship with a Republican.
72 degrees in your head, every lovin' day! -- Brain Candy
80% of all statistics are wrong.
80% of married men cheat in America. The rest cheat in Europe. -- Jackie Mason
82.8% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
88% of Bush voters "have no idea what rappers are talking about."
89% of Americans think we are way too rude, according to a recent telephone poll. The other 11% hung up instead of answering the question.
9 men and no babes... what a pathetic, skewed lifestyle of geekdom and cold pizza. Sign me UP! -- Rohit Khare
9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
9 out of 10 men who tried Camels prefer women.
90% of everything is crud.
90% of people are a poor excuse for protoplasm.
90% of what is thought shouldn't be said; 90% of what is said shouldn't be written; 90% of what is written shouldn't be published; 90% of what is published shouldn't be read; 90% of what is read shouldn't be remembered. -- Israel Salanter
95% of the brain goes unused. If we could tap into that... superman. -- Slacker
95% of this game is half mental. -- Yogi Berra
98% of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy 2% that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them. -- Lily Tomlin
99.9999% of the budget was given to some special effects company while the other .0001% (the cost of a banana) was given to a chimp with a crayon to select from a list of lines. -- Mr. Cranky
["bisexual"] We prefer the term "best suited to appreciate the X-files" - it's less clinical. -- Shannon Fowler
[24 hours] is more than most of us get. Most of us just get 'Mind that bus, what bus, SPLAT. -- Rimmer to Kryten (Red Dwarf)
[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy. -- Joseph Campbell
[AOL email] works, and it's not the damn mail command. that shit is prehistoric and should be confined to amusment parks. -- Andrej Dolenc
[Black] Sabbath was given zero respect during its heyday, but the subsequent grunge revolution proved that the rudiments of the outfit's sound are not to be dismissed. To put it plainly, the music is awesomely, infectiously dumb. [Tony] Iommi's guitar emitted enormous chunks of stupidity that fell like catapulted boulders and caused nearly as much damage. -- Michael Roberts
[Dean Martin] is an absolute, unqualified drunk. And if we ever develop an Olympic drinking team, he's gonna be the coach ... Dean Martin has been stoned more often than the United States embassies. -- Frank Sinatra
[FCC chair Hundt] Reed came to his job the hard way. He went to prep school with the vice president, law school with the president, and raw talent took over from there. -- Hodding Carter III
[First class] used to be a better meal. Now it's a better life. -- Jerry Maguire
[From information deleted so Rohit can't make me look like a twit yet again.] But you are a twit. Acceptance is the first step toward recovery. -- John Dobbin
[Fucking lots of fucking other stuff fucking deleted.] -- Dan Martinez
[He] has taken a basically valid observation [...] and extrapolated it somewhere into the Oort cloud. -- Dan Martinez
[History] hath triumphed over time, which besides it nothing but eternity hath. -- Sir Walter Raleigh
[How can I check to see if a file is there or not?] Try to remove it with unlink. If the result is 0, it wasn't there. If the result is 1, it's not there now. -- Randal Schwartz
[I am] an honest businessman. An investor. A farmer. A winemaker. (That's one of mine you are drinking now, by the way. Do you like it?). An philosopher. And, oh, yes, a very highly-paid assassin.
[I got all this money from] The government. I don't need it, I don't want it, but by God, if they miss one payment, there'll be hell to pay.
[I hate it when] it when people intrude on my clean grayscale world with flashy colors (unless I happen to be editing C++ code, which only looks good in color) -- Chris Hanson
[I prefer a] Cone. I like to lick. -- Audrey Horne (Twin Peaks)
[In China,] they just call it 'food. -- Friends
[in the future we] will assume things are active unless they're obviously not--for example, if they're running Windows. -- Paul Saffo
[Insert multi-culti expletive of choice], when are you going to get it straight that the bits only flow one way in this relationship? -- Rohit Khare
[Java:] Just the latest "Silver Bullet" solution to the perpetual "software crisis" (suits-speak for "creating software costs money"). -- Bill Hembree
[Jupiter's] satellites are invisible to the naked eye and therefore can have no influence on the Earth and therefore would be useless and therefore do not exist. -- Francesco Sizi
[Life's] much more fun when the [non-orthogonal] dot-product is non-zero. -- Tom Zavisca
[Linus Torvalds] may be a god to you, but to us, he's another chubby engineer who needs to practice his plasma gun skills. -- Nick Sweeney
[Lost World] combines all the cliche's like the Kmart of Filmmaking was having a liquidation sale. -- Robert Rodgers
[Microsoft Java]. Yeah, "Write Once, Run Anywhere as long as it's Windows". Which is better than the Sun VM: "Write Once, Run on Solaris because none of the other ports really work.", or better yet, MRJ: "Write Once, crash your Mac." And let's not forget Vibe: "Write Once, bend over."
[Muttered while standing in front of the photocopier] Double sided transparencies is not a good thing. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
[People] are fond of supposing that they are engaged in a difficult investigation into the nature of things when they are only disagreeing about the meaning of words. -- Bailey (Observations on Certain Verbal Disputes in Political Economy, 1821, p 16)
[Referring to the final exam] Make sure you have seven fun-filled pages. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
[Responding to a complaint about a tough exam] Damn small price to pay for knowledge. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
[Rock and roll] is somebody doing something in a bedroom that you haven't heard yet. -- Elvis Costello
[Saint Hubbins] was the patron saint of quality footwear. -- This is Spinal Tap
[She] is by far one of the most mentally... *decapitated* people I have ever met. -- Chris Heiser
[Student, during discussion of quantum mechanics _it just happened_ theory of the universe] So not only were we all accidents, but we continue to be accidents. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
[The Amish don't have the problems the native Americans do] because there is no Bureau of Amish affairs. -- Russell Means
[The Internet provides] a delivery system for pathological states of mind. -- Phillip Adams
[The U.S.] Congress hasn't passed any 'English-only bill' yet and hopefully never will. But the broadcast media have been enforcing it for decades. -- John Lawler
[The United States] is like Britain, only with buttons. -- Ringo Starr
[The] equipment...among the most vital to our success in Africa and Europe were the bulldozer, the jeep, the 2 1/2 ton truck, and the C-47 airplane. Curiously enough, none of these is designed for combat. -- Dwight Eisenhower
[This Scene] is either America Ten Years Ago or Canada Today. -- MST3K
[This] makes entirely too much sense, therefore we junk this premise. -- Vijay Gill
[We] might not see eye to eye on quite a few topics, but on this one, we are in complete agreement. Except of course, for the cars, women, and cash, there have been very few perks in running the various incarnations of this or any social list. -- Sam Greenfield
[Woody] Allen could do a remake of 'Bambi Meets Godzilla' and he'd find a way to work in an angstful neurotic sexually frustrated male New York City Jewish artist. -- Martin Frankel
[X] Check here if you are so lacking in classical music exposure that your only followup to Martin's post was "Yeah, and the Spice Girls suck too." -- Mark Denovich
[X] YES! Please rush me my first issue of "unhinged: the journal of postcollegiate angst". I understand that if for any reason I am not completely satisfied, I may write "CANCEL" on my invoice, return it, and owe nothing. Even if I choose not to continue my subscription, the free copy of "White Phosphor: Faisal Jawdat's Best Rants", the Jody Prival signature chocolate sampler, and the Rob Earhart Limited Edition XPilot Cockpit fuzzy dice are mine to keep. -- Dan Martinez
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all / Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know. -- John Keats (Ode on a Grecian Urn)
'Ben-Gay' now comes is an Extra Strength variety. "Always check first." -- Paul "Goob" Mazaitis
'Do what I say, not what I do.' Shall be the whole of the law. -- Rich Rosen
'Home, Sweet Home' must surely have been written by a bachelor.
'I can forgive, but I cannot forget,' is only another way of saying, 'I will not forgive'. --Henry Ward Beecher
'I'm not stupid!' In Bean's experience, that was a sentence never uttered except to prove its own inaccuracy. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Shadow)
'Kay, cuz I miss your killer wit, your biting sarcasm, your superior intellect.... Oh wait, that's me, heh, sorry. -- Kat Reeves
'me' is a token, it returns whoever calls 'me'. in general though, whenever people call 'me' they get my answering machine, because i'm never home -- me
'Personality' is simply the result of being off balance. We have 'characters' because we have not found our center of gravity. We do not accept ourselves for what we are, we retreat form our real selves, and then we erect a personality to bridge the gap. -- Susan Sontag
'Tis an ill wind that blows no minds. -- Malaclypse the Younger
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves / Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
____ it, you'll never get the Purple Heart hiding in a foxhole! Follow me! -- Lieutenant Colonel Henry P. Crowe (Battle of Guadalcanal, 13 Jan 43)
"Wired" is "People" for the Internet. -- Billy Brackenridge
`Love' is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. -- Robert A. Heinlein
A "130MB" CDROM? What did they do, sandblast the other 400MB? -- Rohit Khare
A "critic" is a person who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to judge the work of creative people. There is logic in this; he is unbiased-- he hates all creative people equally.
A "no" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a "yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble. -- Mahatma Ghandi
A .44 magnum beats four aces.
A 100% right of return both ways.
A 23 year old Italian man emerged from a coma after four years of caressing, rubbing and massaging by his girlfriend. Yeah, like he wasn't pretending to be asleep.
A [computer] virus that animates a penis and shoots things sounds pretty cool. -- Robert Harley
A 'No' uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a 'Yes' merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble. -- Gandhi
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on. -- Carl Sandburg
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -- Carl Sandburg
A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee free.
A bachelor is a guy who likes to love as long as it's not followed by honor and obey.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some poor woman out of a divorce.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce. -- Don Quinn
A bachelor's life is no life for a single man. -- Samuel Goldwyn
A bad random number generator: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4.33e+67, 1, 1, 1
A bad standard is better than nothing. It gives you something to violate.
A bagel is not a breakfast treat, nor a repast. It's a fucking bagel. The way you folks write you should be having tea and crumpets. You don't deserve the simplicity of the bagel. -- Scott Berkun
A bank is a very respectable, dignified institution that is established for you to keep the government's money in until April 15.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain. -- Mark Twain
A banker is the person who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it rains. -- Mark Twain
A barbarian ... [is one who] thinks that the customs of his tribe and island are the laws of nature. -- George Bernard Shaw (Caesar and Cleopatra)
A barber is a clip-joint operator.
A bargain is usually something so reasonable, they won't take it back when you find out what's wrong with it.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
A bathroom hook will be loaded to capacity immediately upon becoming available. This also applies to freeways, closets, playgrounds, downtown hotels, taxis, parking lots, wallets, purses, pockets, and so on. The list is endless.
A bazooka is the skeleton key of the impatient. -- Will Timmins
A BBSer's telephone bill knows no bounds...
A bear in his natural habitat. A studebaker. -- Fozzie Bear
A Beast is not like itself, but an evil man is half a beast and half a devil. -- Joseph Hall
A beautiful woman will enrich your life soon.
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that balances are correct. -- Princess Irulan (Manual of Maud'Dib)
A benevolent man should allow a few faults in himself, to keep his friends in countenance. -- Benjamin Franklin
A big mac, french fries and a large coke
A big man has no time really to do anything but just sit and be big. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
A billion here, a billion there -- pretty soon it adds up to real money. -- Senator Everett Dirksen (R-Ill.)
A billion here, a couple of billion there -- first thing you know it adds up to be real money. -- Everett McKinley Dirksen
A billion quadrillion tons of exploding hydrogen nuclei rose over the horizon and managed to look small, cold, and slightly damp.
A billion's a good round number. -- Ted Turner (CNN founder, announcing his donation of $1 billion (US) over the next decade to establish a foundation to fund United Nations programs)
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. A bird sings because it has a song.
A bird in hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
A bird in the hand can be messy.
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is safer than two overhead.
A bird in the hand is useless if you want to blow your nose.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. -- Cervantes
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.
A bird in the hand makes it hard to blow your nose.
A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours. -- Much Ado About Nothing
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog. -- Jack London
A book is a mirror: if an ass peers into it, you can't expect an apostle to look out. -- G.C. Lichtenberg
A book is judged, not by its reference to life, but by its reference to other books. -- Stephen Fry (Worse By Design)
A bore is a fellow who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it. -- Henry Ford
A bore is a man who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company. -- Gian Vincenzo Gravina
A bore is a man who, when you ask him how he is, tells you. -- Bert Leston Taylor
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A bore talks about himself. A brilliant conversationalist talks about you. -- Ernest Prabhakar
A born loser is a door to door salesman who goes only to vacant houses.
A boss says go. A leader says let's go.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
A boy without mischief is like a bowling ball without a liquid center. -- Homer Simpson
A bridegroom is a guy who has lost his liberty in the pursuit of happiness.
A broken heart is what makes life so wonderful five years later, when you see the guy in an elevator and he is fat and smoking a cigar and saying long-time-no-see. If he hadn't broken your heart, you couldn't have that glorious feeling of relief! -- Phyllis Batelle
A Brother is someone you grok. -- Earle M. Herbert
A brunette surrounded by blondes is vacuum packed.
A buck in the hand is worth two on the books. -- David Farber
A Buddhist nudist practices yoga bare.
A budget is a complete record of how you managed to spend more than you earned.
A budget is a planned method of worrying.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A bugless program is an abstract theoretical concept.
A bull in a china shop is not capable of appreciating the beauty and elegance of a fine piece of hand painted porcelain.
A bunch of us at work have these styrofoam "ducks" with states of mind on them. Mine are HATE and LAME (you turn the duck to indicate which one best describes you on a given day). We also have APATHY, HUBRIS, REVENGE, etc. -- Megan Coughlin
A bureaucrat is a politician with tenure.
A burp is not an answer. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
A bus station is where the bus stops. This computer is a WORK station. -- Roger B. Dannenberg
A bus stops at a bus station; a train stops at a train station. On my desk I have a workstation...
A bus? I bet the rush you get when you turn around to see a large transporter in your face is phenomenal! I'll pass though. -- Jason Kalafat
A businessman is judged by the company he keeps solvent.
A butterfly flapping its wings in Galviston will somewhere down the road create a monsoon in China. -- Slacker
A calorie is a calorie, and I want to get the most for my money. -- Martin Frankel
A camel is a horse planned by committee.
A can in the hand is better than 2 on the shelf.
A can of worms full of Pandora's boxes.
A Canadian is just an unarmed American with health insurance. -- John Wing Jr
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
A car can massage organs which no masseur can reach. It is the one remedy for the disorders of the great sympathetic nervous system. -- Jean Cocteau
A car is just a big purse on wheels. -- Johanna Reynolds
A carelessly planned project takes three times longer than expected; a carefully planned project will only take twice as long.
A cat has paws at the end of its claws; a comma has pause at the end of its clause.
A cat has the paws before the claws, and a comma has the clause before the pause.
A cat that jumps on a hot stove will never jump on a hot stove again. Neither will it jump on a cold stove. -- Michael Cameron
A cat that's been in formaldehyde is *much* different from a fresh cat. A fresh cat is *much* better.
A cat will almost always blink when hit with a hammer.
A cat will almost always blink when hit with a sledgehammer.
A Catholic, Jew, Afro-American, and a Gay all walk into a bar. The bartender looks up at them and says, "What is this, a joke?"
A cats worst enemy is a closed door.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism. -- Carl Sagan
A cement mixer collided with a prison van on the Kingston Pass. Motorists are asked to be on the lookout for sixteen hardened criminals. -- Ronnie Corbett
A census taker is man who goes from house to house increasing the population.
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance. Kites rise against the wind, not with it.
A certain critic - for such men, I regret to say, do exist - made the nasty remark about my last novel that it contained 'all the old Wodehouse characters under different names'. He has probably by now been eaten by bears, like the childrenwho made mock of the prophet Elisha: but if he still survives he will not be able to make a similar charge against "Summer Lightning". With my superior intelligence, I have outgeneralled the man this time by putting in all the old Wodehouse characters under the same names. Pretty silly it will make him feel, I rather fancy. -- P. G. Wodehouse
A chameleon looking into a mirror sees a mirror.
A chameleon on plaid. -- Herbert Hoover about FDR
A champion fishmerman is a master baiter.
A change in the weather is enough to renew the world and ourselves. -- Marcel Proust
A characteristic of the normal child is he doesn't act that way very often.
A chaste woman ought not to die her hair yellow. -- Menander
A cheerleader is an athletic supporter.
A Chernobyl man won the three-legged race. -- Jay Leno
A chicken in every time zone. -- Boris Yeltsin's campaign promise
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child. -- George Santayana
A child learns what he lives. -- Dorothy Law Nolte
A child of five could understand this. Fetch me a child of five.
A child without a father is like a house without a roof.
A child without a vision is at risk of failing and living only day to day. -- Jim Lewis
A child's greatest period of growth is the month after you've purchased new school clothes. -- Orben's Current Comedy
A chip on the shoulder means wood further up.
A Christian and a Moslem walk into a bar. The Jew ducks.
A chronic disposition to inquiry deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.
A chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon. Avoid him. He's a Commie.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election. -- Bill Vaughan
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together. -- Herbert Prochnow
A city purifies its water supply by filtering the water then forcing it through an aviator.
A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read. -- Mark Twain
A clean desk is a sign of a -sick- mind
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A clean desk is a sign of a really full hard drive!
A clean disk is the sign of a warped drive.
A clean limerick is a contradiction in terms.
A clean tie attracts the soup of the day.
A clean, neat, and orderly work place is a sure sign of a sick mind.
A clean, neat, desk is a sign of a very sick mind.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
A closed mind gathers no intelligence.
A closed mouth gathers no feet...
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A closed mouth, gathers no feet.
A Cockney can have a great deal of difficulty making a distinction between feces and theses.
A college professor is someone smart enough to get a Ph.D., but too crazy to make a living.
A commercial traveller was passing through a small town when he came upon a huge funeral procession. "Who died?" he asked a nearby local. "I'm not sure," replied the local, "but I think its the one in the coffin."
A committee has 6 or more legs and no brain.
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours. -- Milton Berle
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
A committee is a thing which takes a week to do what one good man can do in an hour.
A committee is an animal with a hundred stomachs and no brains.
A committee should consist of three men, two of whom are absent.
A company is known by the men it keeps.
A compromise is the art of dividing the cake in such a way that each one thinks he is getting the biggest piece.
A computer calls his son a microchip off the old block.
A computer is like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy. -- Joseph Campbell
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. -- Mitch Ratliffe (Technology Review, April 1992)
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.
A Computer Programmer is a machine for turning Coke into code.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
A computer, to print out a fact, Will divide, multiply, and subtract. But this output can be No more than debris, If the input was short of exact. -- Gigo
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done. -- Fred Allen
A conference is an elite meeting on equal terms; a congress is a group of elites meeting on opposite terms; a convention is a mob meeting on equal terms; a course is an elite instructing a mob; and a colloquium is a group capable of considering all these phenomena. -- Malcolm Bradbury
A CONS is an object which cares. -- Bernie Greenberg
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually. -- Abba Eban
A Conservative is a liberal that's been mugged. A Libertarian is a Conservative that's been audited.
A conservative is a liberal who has been mugged. -- Frank Rizzo
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time. -- Alfred E. Wiggam
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk. -- Franklin Delano Roosevelt
A conservative is just a liberal who has been mugged.
A conservative is one who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
A constipated woman barged in on me and said, Eeek! A boy! Get out before I call Queer Nation. -- Rugburns
A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.
A consultant is someone who asks their client what time it is, writes the answer in a report and charges the client for the privilege.
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper. -- Dyer
A conversation with you, Baldrick, and somehow death loses its sting. -- Blackadder II
A couch is as good as a chair.
A country boy goes to the city to make enough money to retire and go back to the country to live.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats. -- Ben Franklin
A couple billion here, a few billion there... before you know it, it starts adding up to real money.
A couple having sex in a McDonalds? Talk about your happy meal. And you think Clinton visited a lot before... -- Jay Leno
A cow who cannot give milk is an udder failure.
A coward is a hero with a wife, kids, and a mortgage.
A crash is when your competitor's program dies. When your program dies, it is an 'idiosyncrasy.' Frequently, crashes are followed with a message like 'ID 02.' 'ID' is an abbreviation for 'idiosyncrasy' and the number that follows indicates how many more months of testing the product should have had. -- Guy Kawasaki (The Macintosh Way)
A criminal is a person with predatory instincts without sufficient capital to form a corporation.
A critic is a man who leaves no turn unstoned.
A crusader's wife slipped from the garrison And had an affair with a Saracen. She was not oversexed, Or jealous or vexed, She just wanted to make a comparison.
A cult is a religion without political power.
A curious energetically mellow mix of frivolity and unrestrained candor with five types of whole grain.
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin. -- H.L. Mencken
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
A cynic is man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
A daisy chain is no stronger than its weakest dink.
A day for firm decisions Or is it?
A day for firm decisions!! or is it?
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
A day is a miniature eternity. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A day not wasted is a day wasted!
A day without fusion and radiation is like a day without sunshine.
A day without fusion is like a day without sunshine.
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A day without puns is like a day without sunshine. There's gloom for improvement.
A day without sunshine is like night. -- Goldie Hawn
A day without sunshine is like, night. -- J.D. Peterson
A dead man cannot bite. -- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)
A DEAD TELEPHONE SANITIZER? best kind. BUT WHATS HE DOING HERE? not a lot. -- Douglas Adams
A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it. -- G.K. Chesterton
A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all. -- Rita Mae Brown
A deaf husband and a blind wife are always a happy couple.
A decision is what people make when they can't find anyone to form a committee.
A delightfully depressing examination of the disillusionment and disenfranchisement of our generation. -- Paolo Sivilotti
A Democrat is someone who would be a Republican if he had the money.
A diamond is just a chunk of coal that made good under pressure. -- The Cooker
A diet is what helps a person gain weight more slowly.
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people. -- Peter Marshall
A dinner coat looks better than full dress.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -- Robert Frost
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A diplomat is a man who says you have an open mind, instead of telling you that you have a hole in the head.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
A diplomat thinks twice before saying nothing.
A dirty book is rarely dusty.
A dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste.
A disc cannot be read as easily as a filing cabinet. Unless you have a computer - which has problems reading a filing cabinet.
A dishonest man and a harp struck by lighting are both a blasted lyre.
A distributed system is one in which I cannot get something done because a machine I've never heard of is down. -- Leslie Lamport
A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano ...
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano ...
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano.
A dog is a dog unless he's facing you; then he's MR. dog.
A dog is man's best friend because he wags his tail, not his tongue.
A dog is smarter than some people. It wags its tail and not its tongue.
A dog on the run can safely be kicked.
A dog's rule of life: If you can't eat it or hump it, urinate on it.
A Domino's Pizza employee was awarded $237,000 after his female boss sexually harrassed him. I guess she wanted him to deliver in 30 minutes or less.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of. -- Ogden Nash
A dozen, a gross, and a score, Plus three times the square root of four, Divided by seven, Plus five time eleven, Equals nine squared plus zero, no more.
A dragon lives forever, but not so little boys. String and sealing wax give way to other toys.
A dragon on the roof keeps the burglars away.
A dream is like a call to Wabash, Australia. You only get every other word, and nothing make sense. -- The Opposite Sex
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world. -- Oscar Wilde
A dress that zips up the back will bring a husband and wife together.
A drink a day keeps the shrink away. -- Edward Abbey
A driver with a truckload of hogs was looking for a porking place.
A drop of love can prevent the spilling of oceans of blood.
A drop of nicotine on the tongue of a dog can kill a man. -- Laurence McEwen
A drowning man does not die silently. -- Snake Eyes
A duck, by any other name, would smell as foul. Geez, never mix Shakespeare and chocolate ice cream. The results can be a trifle unpredictable.
A dyslexic policeman spent Friday night giving out IUD's.
A failing Mexican economy is expected to have a dramatic impact on the United States. All of our big companies may have to move back here.
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
A famous ballerina's protege-lover could be said to be under her tutelage.
A famous sculpter when ask how he did such a masterpiece said, The masterpiece was always there I just removed the pieces that were covering it up and did not belong.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. -- Winston Churchill
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign: "Free Chickens. Our Coop Runneth Over."
A Fast-Fish belongs to the party fast to it. A Loose-Fish is fair game for anybody who can soonest catch it.
A fate WORSE than a fate worse than death.... That's pretty bad. -- Blackadder
A feature is a bug with seniority.
A feature is just a bug with seniority. -- George G. Galdiano
A federal survey shows that California leads the nation in illiteracy. This can't be true! Most of our parents were married!
A few comments on the language at the center of the galaxy. The great, hulking, sucking black hole of a language as massive and lifeless as a thousand dead suns. A gargantuan monster of a language that... ...has...... recently...... been... STANDARDIZED! Don't let anyone tell you C++ isn't standardized. It is standardized. Oh, boy, is it ever standardized. It's so standardized you can envision the entire ANSI C++ standards committee standing up and shouting, "Standardize THIS!" -- Robert Rodgers
A few giant Chia pets would really set off the pink flamingos. -- Top 5
A few months ago, I joined a physical-fitness club. I now weigh $1250 less.
A filthy Data is Gunked, hosed down and sand blasted.
A fine is a tax for doing something wrong. A tax is a fine for doing something right.
A fine lass, of nice ways and orderly conduct, none ever seeing her drunk above four days in the seven. -- Mark Twain (The Prince and the Pauper)
A fish doesn't know about water, a mac programmer doesn't know about core leaks -- Andrew Plotkin
A fixed bear is an animal in the bear family which includes black bears, brown bears, pandas, koalas, and grizzlies, as well as many others, which has been surgically altered to inhibit reproduction--for example, by removing the gonads. A fixed bear is generally not acceptable body jewellery due to their size as well as their claws and teeth which can be quite damaging during intercourse in the case of genital piercings, although there are probably a few adventurous and exotic size queens on RAB sporting sterilized koalas in their lobes after months and months of stretching. -- Clay Young
A flying saucer results when a nudist spills his coffee.
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
A fool and her money are soon courted.
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
A fool and his money are my two favorite people.
A fool and his money are some party.
A fool and his money are soon partying!
A fool and his money are soon popular.
A fool and his money are SYSOP material.
A fool and his money were lucky to get together in the first place.
A fool and your money are soon parted.
A fool is quick tempered; a wise man stays cool when insulted. -- Proverbs 12:16
A fool is ruled by the stars, a wise man is aware of them.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A fool says in his heart that there is no God. -- Psalm 14:1
A fool with the right tools, is still a fool.
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education. -- G. B. Shaw
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines. With consistency a great soul has simply nothing to do. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson (Essays: First Series (1841), Self-Reliance)
A foot is a device for finding furniture in the dark.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used. -- David Gries
A formal system that encompasses everything is good for nothing. -- Leslie Lamport
A free agent is anything but.
A free people always has the right to dismiss its rulers, whom it regards as its servants, at any time.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -- Adlai Stevenson
A French woman claimed she killed her husband because of his excessive flatulence. In fact, she testified that when he died in her arms, his last request was, Pull my finger.
A Freudian Slip, like when you say one thing and mean a mother? If it's not one thing, it's a mother.
A friend and I recently decided that we had heard the word "artist" used far too often, and that from now on, whenever we heard anyone say the word "artist" we would mentally replace it with the word "retard." The universe sorted itself out with a terrible velocity. Imagine being in a gallery and seeing this: "Prints Available -- signed by the retard."... -- New York Press
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
A friend in need is a friend indeed. -- English Proverb
A friend in need is a pain in the ass.
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him, I may think aloud. -- Emerson
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A friend is one who would help you move. A best friend is one who would help you move a body. -- Jeff Wayman
A friend is someone who knows everything about you and likes you in spite of it. -- Mark Twain
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and sings it back to you when you have forgotten how it goes.
A friend is someone you call to help you move. A best friend is someone you call to help you move... a body.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of Nature. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A friend of mine gave me a Philip Glass record. I listened to it for five hours before I realized it had a scratch on it. -- Emo Phillips
A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture. You don't have to go. You'll just be walking down the street and... oohh, that's much better. -- Steven Wright
A friend of mine once said, "If you're ever around when someone dies, look up and wave. They'll get a big kick out of it." -- Poi Dog Pondering
A friend of mine stopped smoking, drinking, overeating, and chasing women all at the same time. It was a lovely funeral.
A friend of mine won't get a divorce because he hates lawyers more than he hates his wife.
A friend once asked me to tote up trains, planes, and automobiles, and in 1996 the grand total came to about 183k miles. Yes, I have accelerated up to one light-second per year... It's a wave!, it's a particle!, it's TRAVELMAN! (yes, but are we certain where he is and where he's going?) -- Rohit Khare
A friend told me to listen to my heart. Another friend told me to listen to my gut. Maybe I need an autopsy, because right now my colon is kind of iffy. -- Paul Reiser
A friend who used to work at 'research lab' related a story about a customer support line at 'company'. The support person said something on the order of "You're not our only customer, you know," to which his reply was, "Perhaps not, but we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."
A friend who was working at the Microsoft booth said that a number of people had come up and asked to see it but that (a) the people working at the Microsoft booth were Mac folks and (b) they didn't want to be tarred and feathered, an activity of some historical note in Boston. -- Adam Engst
A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
A friend: someone who likes you even after they know you.
A full belly makes a dull brain. -- Ben Franklin
A fundamentalist is an idealist with whom you disagree.
A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than he could be elected Pope of Rome. Both high posts are reserved for men favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter facts of life in bandages of self-illusion. -- H.L. Mencken
A game is a closed field, a ring of death with, oh, sex as the center. Performing is the only game I've got. -- Jim Morrison
A game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives. -- Seinfeld
A gasoline carrier is like a police car, it's a petrol wagon.
A geek is a geek is a geek. Caves are attractive to them. Sunlight and crisp fall air are the sirens that lure them away from the purity of their mission. A tan should be a warning sign to women that the guy might be faking it in the geek department. -- Abigail Rabinowitz
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks. -- The New York Times (Januari 20, 1981)
A generation which ignores history has no past--and no future.
A genius is an average student with a Jewish mother.
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
A gentleman today is a man who holds the door open for his wife, while she carries in the grocery bags.
A gift of flour will soon be made to you.
A gift of flower will soon be made to you.
A gift of flowers will soon be made to you.
A girl asked me out last week. I was in her house at the time.
A girl I sent email to thought it was specifically directed at her, got VERY offended and won't talk to me anymore. Plus she was a babe. So I went back to the lame one. -- Robert Harley
A girl is busted, a tool is not.
A girl phoned me and said, "Come on over; there's nobody home." I went over. There was nobody home! -- Rodney Dangerfield
A girl with a future avoids the man with a past. -- Evan Esar
A girl's best friend is her mutter.
A girlfriend is a bottle of wine. A wife is a wine bottle.
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet.
A global study reveals that US students are extremely weak in math. The research shows that most teenagers can't even count their blessings. The good news is, at least they're assured a job with the National Park Service.
A gnab gib is a big bang in reverse. -- Douglas Adams
A goal to either team would break the deadlock.
A gold rush is what happens when a line of chorus girls spot a man with a bank roll. -- Klondike Annie
A good aphorism is too hard for the tooth of time, and is not worn away by all the centuries, although it serves as food for every epoch. -- Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche (Miscellaneous Maxims and Opinions, 1879)
A good Board will give you better advice than your mother. -- Eugene Kleiner
A good boss is someone who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit.
A good collection of incremental examples is the best teaching tool. -- Mani Chandy
A good compromise leaves everybody mad. -- Bill Watterson
A good conversationalist is not one who remembers what was said, but says what someone wants to remember. -- John Mason Brown
A good cure for hypochondria is to forget about your body and get interested in someone else's.
A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theatre admission and the babysitter were worth it. -- Alfred Hitchcock
A good imitation of measles rash can be effected by stabbing the forearm with a stiff whisk-broom.
A good leader inspires others with confidence in him; a great leader inspires them with confidence in themselves.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while, he knows something. -- Wilson Mizner
A good marriage is like an incredible retirement fund: You put everything you have into it during your productive life, and over the years it turns from silver to gold to platinum. -- Willard Scott
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good motto for Seattle would be "Settle for Seattle". -- John Dobbin
A good name lost is seldom regained. When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever. -- J. Hawes
A good name will wear out; a bad one may be turned; a nickname lasts forever.
A good Olds goes through a bad winter. A good Porsche goes everywhere. -- Motor Trend (June 1995)
A good place to meet a man is at the dry cleaner. These men usually have jobs and bathe. -- Rita Rudner
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. -- Patton
A good plan violently executed NOW is better than a perfect plan next week. -- General George S. Patton Jr (War as I Knew it)
A good pun is its own reword.
A good question is never answered. It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea. -- John Ciardi
A good question is never answered. It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of the idea. -- John Ciardi
A good reputation is more valuable than money. -- Publilius Syrus
A good rule of thumb for car airbag owners is that if you're closer the steering wheel than about 11 inches (which you can think of as the long direction of a standard sized piece of notebook paper), you're too close.
A good rule of thumb to keep in mind is that anything that calls itself "science" probably isn't. -- John Searle
A good scapegoat is hard to find.
A good vacation is over when you begin to yearn for your work. -- Dr Morris Fishbein
A good vacuum really sucks.
A good woman is like a good bar... liquor in the front and poker in the back.
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away. -- Barry Goldwater
A government with the policy to rob Peter to pay Paul can be assured of the support of Paul. -- George Bernard Shaw
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -- Saul Bellow
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A great fortune is a great slavery.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. -- William James
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. -- Walter Gagehot
A great ring of pure and endless light dazzles the darkness in my heart, and breaks apart the dusky clouds of night; the end of all is hinted in the start. -- Madeleine L'Engle
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up. -- Albert Schweitzer
A group of elegant monster dogs in top hats, tails, and bustle skirts become instant celebrities when they come to New York in 2008. -- Kirsten Bakis (Lives of the Monster Dogs)
A group of hackers devised a protocol for transmitting Usenet over the Internet, which was completely subsidized by the federal deficit. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
A group of white South Africans recently killed a black lawyer because he was black. That was wrong. They should have killed him because he was a lawyer. -- A. Whitney Brown
A grunge band from Seattle, well this sure beats raising cattle. -- Weird Al Yankovic
A guilty conscience is the mother of invention. -- Carolyn Wells
A guinea pig is neither a pig nor from Guinea.
A guru went to the dentist and said, "I'd like to transcend dental medication."
A guy came over and wanted to read the gas meter. Doesn't anyone read the classics anymore?
A guy has to get fresh once in a while so the girl doesn't lose her confidence.
A guy walks into the chemists and asks: If I melt dry ice and swim in it, will I get wet? -- Stevie Wright
A haiku is a a Japanese poem containing three lines of five, seven, and five syllables, containing a cutting, or pause, word, as well as spam, oelestra, or Spice Girls imagery. -- Joshua Schachter
A half moon is better than no moon at all.
A halo has only to fall a few centimeters to become a noose.
A halo has to fall only a few inches to become a noose.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.
A handful of bees is worth more than a sackful of flies.
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A handsome man is not quite poor. -- Spanish proverb
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short. -- Andre Maurois
A harp is a nude piano.
A Harvard study found that kids who feel loved grow into healthier adults. On the plus side for the unloved group, they tended to land high paying jobs as IRS auditors.
A hat is wasted on a man with no head. -- Mad About You
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one-and-a-half times his own weight in other people's patience. -- John Updike
A helicopter is close enough to be brought down with small arms fire when you can no longer completely cover it with your thumb held at arm's length. -- Vietnamese Rule of Thumb
A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg. -- Samuel Butler
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
A hero is someone who does what he can.
A high level staff meeting will always make the big boss feel better.
A high-density computer with a very powerful three-dimensional resolution capacity... say what? -- Robert Harley
A highbrow is a person educated beyond his intelligence. -- Brander Matthews
A higher kind of human being, excuse me for saying, doesn't think much of 'callings', the reason being he knows himself called....He takes his time, he has plenty of time, he gives no thought whatsoever to being 'finished and ready' - at the age of thirty one is, as regards high culture, a beginner, a child. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
A hollow voice says, "Plugh".
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A honest potilician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
A horse A horse My kingdom for a horse
A horse divided against itself cannot stand.
A horse may be forced to drink but a pencil must be lead...
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse! -- One of dem Henrys
A hotel is a place that keeps the manufacturers of 25-watt bulbs in business. -- Shelley Berman
A house divided is a split level.
A house divided.........is a duplex.
A huge tyrannosaurus ate our lawyer. Well, I suppose that proves they're really not all bad. -- Weird Al Yankovic
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
A hungry dog hunts best. A hungrier dog hunts even better.
A husband is what's left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted. -- Helen Rowland
A job is nice but it interferes with my life.
A journalist is a grumbler, a censurer, a giver of advice, a regent of sovereigns, a tutor of nations. Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Jack.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -- Lao Tsu
A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet. -- Lao Tsu
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer. -- Robert Frost
A jury took eight minutes yesterday to acquit a man who ran over and killed a teenage car thief after the judge said they should not convict him if they believed he had been trying to make a citizen's arrest.
A king is but a foolish labourer / Who wastes his blood to be another's dream. -- W. B. Yeats
A king's castle is his home.
A kiss is the upper persuasion for lower invasion.
A koan is a story about Zen masters and their students. Sometimes it is like a riddle; other times like a fable; and other times like nothing you've ever heard before. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A lack of planning on your part doesn't constitute an emergency on my part.
A lady came up to me on the street and pointed at my suede jacket. 'You know a cow was murdered for that jacket?' she sneered. I replied in a psychotic tone, 'I didn't know there were any witnesses. Now I'll have to kill you too. -- Jake Johansen
A lady is known by the product she endorces. -- Ogden Nash
A land without ruins is a land without memories - a land without memories is a land without history. -- Abram Joseph Ryan
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy. -- Max Weinreich
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do. -- Dennis M. Ritchie
A large dog will have a surprising effect on your life.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work. -- Anatol Holt
A large viper must be swallowed with extreme caution.
A Law of Computer Programming: Make it possible for programmers to write in English and you will find the programmers cannot write in English.
A layman knows he has to kick it.; An amateur knows where to kick it.; A professional knows how hard.
A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss; in the Republican Party he is a leader. -- Harry Truman
A lecture is where the notes of the professor become the notes of the student without passing through the mind of either one.
A legend is a lie that has attained the dignity of age. -- H.L. Mencken
A leopard never changes his stripes. -- Al Gore
A lesser-known corollary of the Pauli exclusion principle: Mani and Rohit cannot work in the same department -- Robert Harley
A lex upon you, and a yacc on your kin!
A liberal always has both feet firmly planted in the clouds.
A liberal is a conservative who has been arrested. -- Tom Wolfe
A liberal is someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.
A libertarian is just an anarchist on the gold standard. -- Alexis Gilliland
A lie in time saves nine.
A lie that can be passed off as truth becomes truth.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but also more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -- George Bernard Shaw
A light heart lives long.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
A light year has 1/3 the calories of a regular year.
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility. -- Aristotle
A limerick crams laughs astronomical into space truly economical. But the funniest I've seen are not often clean, and the clean ones so seldom are comical.
A limerick packs laughs anatomical Into space that is quite economical. But the good ones I've seen So seldom are clean, And the clean ones so seldom are comical.
A lioness may mate a hundred times a *day* with many different partners during the week if she is in estrus. What the hell!? I don't know whether to say "you go girl" or OUCH! -- Persephone Silverthorn
A Lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing. -- Alan Perlis
A list is only as strong as its weakest link. -- Donald E. Knuth
A little bit of uh huh and a whole lot of oh yeah.
A little caution outflanks a large cavalry. -- Bismarck
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
A little exposure really boosted Pee Wee Herman's career.
A little government and a little luck are necessary in life, but only a fool trusts either of them. -- P.J. O'Rourke
A little greed can get you lots of stuff.
A little help at the right time is better than a lot of help at the wrong time.
A little ignorance can go a long way.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation. -- C.E. Ayres
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation. -- H.H. Munro (Saki)
A little learning is a dangerous thing but a lot of ignorance is just as bad. -- Bob Edwards
A little nonsense, now and then, is relished by the wisest men.
A little nukie never hurt anyone
A little rudeness and disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wits and add drama to an otherwise dull day! -- Calvin
A little work never hurt anyone. I just don't want to be its first victim.
A little work, a little sleep, a little love and it is all over. -- Robert Frost
A loafer is a person who is trying to make both weekends meet.
A long dispute means that both parties are wrong.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right. -- Thomas Paine
A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me cry... -- Don McLean
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
A lot of people have these quotes pages full of funny and sometimes thought provoking things people they know or admire say. Most of the time the quotes are painfully sarcastic or full of angst and ultraviolence. This is useless and will not be supported here. -- Randy Goldstein
A lot of people have this problem, which is why it is important to remember the Three Rules For When To Use Apostrophe's: 1. TO INDICATE CONTRACTIONS. Example: "This childbirth really hurt's!" -- Dave Barry
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks. -- Lew Col
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience. -- Doug Larson
A lover is a strange bird. He feels strongest when he's all in.
A loving wife will do anything for her husband except stop criticizing him and trying to improve him. -- J.B. Priestly
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad. -- Arnold H. Glasow (WSJ)
A machine that isn't checked out is a "down" machine and can't be used even though it may work perfectly. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
A mafia hitman was taking a poor guy for a ride. A slay ride.
A magnet is something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day.
A major part of Zen is the fight against reliance on words. To combat the use of words, one of the best devices is the koan, where words are so deeply abused that one's mind is practically left reeling, if one takes the koans seriously. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car. -- Carrie Snow
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason!
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.
A man came into the the office one day and said he was a sailor. We cured him of that. -- Mark Twain (On his days as a doctor's apprentice in California)
A man can be forgiven if he can quote Shakespeare in an economic crisis. -- H.R.H. Prince Philip
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
A man climbed the fence to the bear cage in Karachi and began yelling to the bears, apparently challenging them to a fight. According to hospital officials, the bears accepted.
A man could go quite mad, and not be all that bad. Consider each superb, disturbing urge you've ever had: to curse aloud in church or choke each bloke who throws a smile your way.... Sometimes I think that sanity is just a passing fad. -- Rosa Bud (Drood)
A man couldn't enter a fancy club without a tie, so he used jumper cables from his car for a tie. The doorman said, "Well, I guess you can come in, but you better not start anything."
A man doesn't automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it. -- Jack Handey
A man doesn't become a failure until he is satisfied with being one.
A man forgives only when he is in the wrong.
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles in the road. -- Alexander Smith
A man has a right to unrestricted liberty of discussion. Falsehood is a scorpion that will sting itself to death. -- Percy Bysshe Shelley (A Declaration of Rights)
A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company." -- Charles Evans Hughes
A man in general is better pleased when he has a good dinner than when his wife talks Greek. -- Samuel Johnson
A man in my position... which is, seated upright... -- David Letterman
A man in passion rides a mad horse.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
A man is a king. A king is a ruler. A ruler is 12 inches. Are you a man?
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman as bad as she dares. -- Elbert Hubbard
A man is as old as he feels. But never as important.
A man is as old as he's feeling. A woman as old as she looks. -- Mortimer Collins
A man is as old as the woman he feels.
A man is incomplete until he is married. After that, he is finished. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits. -- Richard M. Nixon
A man is only a man, but a good bicycle is a ride.
A man is rich in proportion to the things he can afford to let alone. -- Henry David Thoreau
A man looks in the abyss, there is nothing staring back at him. At that moment he discovers his character. That keeps the man out of the abyss. -- Wall Street
A man loses his sense of direction after four drinks; a woman loses hers after four kisses. -- H.L. Mencken
A man may be born, but in order to be born he first must die, and in order to die he must first awake. -- Gurdieff
A man never discloses his character so clearly as when he describes another's.
A man of convictions, none of them pending. -- David Letterman of Oliver North
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are portals of discovery. -- James Joyce
A man of great memory without learning hath a rock and a spindle and no staff to spin. -- George Herbert
A man of principles. None of them interesting. -- John Dobbin
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A man said to the Universe: "Sir, I exist!" "However," replied the Universe, "the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation." -- Stephen Crane
A man should be greater than some of his parts.
A man should build a house with his own hands before he calls himself an engineer. -- Alexander Solzhenitsyn
A man should live forever, or die trying.
A man sometimes devotes his life to a desire which he is not sure will ever be fulfilled. Those who laugh at this folly are, after all, no more than mere spectators of life. -- Ryunosuke Akutagawa
A man was given two ears and one mouth, to be used in that ratio.
A man who cannot reason is a fool, a man who will not reason is a bigot, and a man who dare not reason is a slave. -- Sir William Drummond
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. -- Mark Twain
A man who finds it painful to smile should not open a shop. -- Confucius
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who is his own doctor should file a malpractice suit. Either way he wins.
A man who kills one man is a murderer. A man who kills 10,000 men is a hero. -- Tolstoy
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man who was late paying bills was sent a note saying, "Your account is long overdue. It has been on our books over a year. Must remind you, we have now carried you longer than your mother did."
A man with no vision......shouldn't drive
A man with one watch knows what time it is, a man with two watches is never sure. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
A man with priorities so far out of whack does not deserve such a fine automobile. -- Ferris Bueller (Ferris Bueller's Day Off)
A man without a god is like a fish without a bicycle.
A man without a religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
A man without hand is not a man. I've got so much hand I'm coming out of my gloves. -- Seinfeld
A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
A man works hard for his filth, only to have vagrants come and steal it. It's a crying shame. -- Ren and Stimpy
A man would discover sorrow if all his wishes were satisfied. -- Aesop
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
A man, a plan, a canal. Suez!
A man's best friend is his dogma.
A man's body is 70% water. However, a dolphin's body is 0% water, so dolphins have to live in the ocean.
A man's character is his destiny. -- Heraclitus (the Obscure One)
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness. -- Zadok Rabinwitz
A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear and punshiment and hope of reward after death. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
A man's got to know his limitations. -- Harry Callahan (Magnum Force)
A man's home is his coffin. -- Al Bundy
A man's home is his hassle.
A man's homeland is wherever he prospers. -- Aristophanes
A man's horse sense deserts him when he's feeling his oats.
A man's house is his castle. -- Sir Edward Coke
A man's house is his hassle.
A man's legs must be long enough to reach the ground.
A married man who wants to conceal his drunken infidelities can easily wake up in the morning wondering who he's lying next to.
A masochist is a person who likes a cold shower in the morning, so he takes a hot one. -- Dave Barry
A mass of stoney encrustatations rotating about its central axis gathers no bryophytic vegetation.
A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems. -- Paul Erdos
A meeting is a place where people get together to talk about what they should be doing.
A meeting is an event where minutes are taken and hours wasted.
A meme is the simplest or smallest concept or idea that can be communicated between two people. If the concept is not simple or small, it's not a meme, it's a culture. -- Greg Bolcer
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
A methodology is no substitute for creativity.
A microscopic cog in his catastrophic plan...
A midget telling you your hair smells nice.
A milihelen is the amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
A million dollars sounds like a lot, but it actually isn't. -- Joan Collins
A millionaire requested he be cremated and his ashes sent to the IRS wish this message: "Now you have it all."
A mind is a terrible thing to ****. It's all gooey and there's no access without blood. -- John Dobbin
A mind is a terrible thing to taste.
A mind is a terrible thing to ugg... I forgot...
A mind is a terrible thing to waste, but let's give it a shot.
A mind is a terrible thing.
A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimension. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
A miner's canary is an inch away and pointing in the wrong direction, sprawled out and dead on the floor. -- Rohit Khare
A misguided platypus will lay its eggs in your shorts.
A Mogwai is simply a highly evolved Tribble.
A mohawk for the mind. Snip away the shades of grey matter. No matter, nevermind. -- Adam Rifkin
A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new; when an age ends; and when the soul of a nation long suppressed find utterance. -- Jawaharlal Nehru (from his midnight speech on the occasion of India's independence from Great Britain on August 15, 1947)
A month of experiments can save a couple of hours in the library.
A moose once bit my sister.
A moose once bit my sister...
A mosh pit is the seed of the mosh fruit. -- Top 5
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A motorcycle is a combination of pony, blow dryer, and vibrator - perfect for girls of all ages. -- Colin MacDonald
A mouse is an elephant built by the japanese.
A mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, a libido, a denial. -- Nirvana
A murder is only an extroverted suicide.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
A muth once bit my sister.
A myth is a female moth.
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
A narrow place is cavernous to the narrow minded.
A national survey conducted by Off the Wall Street Journal shows that 86% of senior officers in 65% of the Fortune 500 companies keep a mistress currently, and have kept a mistress in the past or intend to find one as soon as they finish reading this article. -- Off the Wall Street Journal (1982)
A near miss a HIT. -- George Carlin
A neat desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A neck wound that resembled, in the words of one bystander, a really bad hickey. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
A network computer with a virus has a stuffed up node.
A neurotic reacts wildly to stimuli. A psychotic creates his own.
A neutron goes into a bar and asks the bartender, "How much for a beer?" The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."
A new broom sweeps clean, but the old brush knows the corners.
A new discovery of a human jaw and some tools sheds new light on early man. Although man's jaw has evolved, his obsession with tools has not.
A new dramatist of the absurd Has a voice that will shortly be heard. I learn from my spies He's about to devise An unprintable three-letter word.
A new study claims that a moderate amount of alcohol can help a person think. Right. You not only think the woman at the end of the bar is beautiful, but that she's also interested in you.
A new study reveals that 14% of all Americans do not speak English. And the vast majority of them write computer manuals. -- Dave Barry
A new study reveals that guests on daytime talk shows are predominantly female. Of course, most of them weren't born that way. -- Conan O'Brien
A new study says that marijuana does not make a good medicine. It took years for the scientists to reach this conclusion, but no one in the test group seemed to mind.
A new survey found that 61% of adults know people who go to work under the influence of drugs or alcohol. The other 39% used the survey as rolling paper.
A new survey reveals that 28% of all Americans admit they sometimes urinate in the swimming pool. Today, 19 countries withdrew from the '96 Summer Games in Atlanta.
A new wine is about to be released as a result of NAFTA. The wine will be made in California, the cork will be made in Canada, the labels will be from Mexico, and the hangover will be from Hell.
A new... poll finds that 90% of those surveyed said "improving the IRS" should be a top priority for their legislators. This is amazing. What on earth could the remaining 10% be thinking of? -- WSJ editorial (6/25/97)
A newspaper should be the maximum of information and the minimum of comment. -- Richard Cobden (1804-1865)
A newspaper should be the maximum of information, and the minimum of comment. -- Richard Cobden (1804-1865)
A nice girl goes out on a date, goes home, and goes to bed. A good girl goes out on a date, goes to bed, and then goes home.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. -- Yogi Berra
A nickname is the heaviest stone the devil can throw at a man.
A night of "Showgirls" and Tequila shooters with Clarence Thomas. -- Top 5
A nightmare of in-line hand-optimizations and micro hacks. Register variables with names like p, pp, and ppp being used for multitudes of differebt purposes in different parts of a single function. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
A nit is the larval stage of lice. It's not just a bug, it's a particularly disgusting bug. -- Kerry Halpern
A noble choice, but first ...
A nod's as good as a wink to a blind bat
A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms. -- Phyllis Schafly
A note on foreign shipments: canadian orders get an additional $3.00 tacked on to shipping, the rest of the world gets an additional $10.00 -- mostly because they're not as good at hockey and lacrosse. -- Shipping term on www.copyleft.net
A note to all of you in 18-100: Mwahahahaha! Surrender your poor pathetic lives now! Nobody gets out alive! Carley fails everyone! To those of you in 18-100 with no sense of humor: What are you worried about? People with no sense of humor study more than anyone else. -- Brian Bankler
A nuclear bomb can really ruin your day.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A nurse a day keeps the doctor very busy.
A one track mind is about as good as an 8-track. -- Cindy Parker
A pact between Microsoft and Barney. Sealed in purple blood. -- Dmitri Schoeman
A painter should not paint what he sees, but what will be seen. -- Paul Valery
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the butt.
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
A pat on the back is only a few inches from a kick in the pants.
A pathetic, poorly written, pseudo-intellectual, pseudo-spiritual, pseudo-document of schmaltz. But if they want me to be in the movie, sign me up. -- David Duchovny on Bridges of Madison County
A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government. -- Edward Abbey
A patriotic American likes to discuss the Constitution of the United States despite the fact he has never taken the time to read it.
A PC is the LSD of the 1990s. -- Timothy Leary
A peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and a mug of Jasmine tea. What more could a man want besides this and incredible wealth? -- Elliott "Eeyore" Evans
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space. -- Gloria Steinem
A pedestrian hit me and went under my car.
A penny for your thoughts. "A dollar for your death."
A penny for your thoughts; $20 to act it out.
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is a congressional oversight.
A penny saved is a Governmental oversight.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A penny saved is depreciated.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A penny saved is worthless. -- Dave Barry
A people who expect to be ignorant and free expect what never will, and never can, be. -- Thomas Jefferson
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken. -- James Dent
A perfectionist is one who takes infinite pains and passes them along to everybody else.
A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.
A person in search of a dream? Maybe my new dream is to FIND a new dream. Maybe my new goal IS to find a new goal, since I have this lifewish that sticks me wandering on this planet for another 50 or 60 years. Every day brings me a little closer to dreaming a new dream. -- Adam Rifkin
A person is as big as the things which make him angry.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
A person should never be ashamed to own that he is wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday. -- Alexander Pope
A person should take a bath once in the summer, not so often in the winter.
A person who can't lead and won't follow makes a dandy roadblock.
A person who follows the crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely called a liberal.
A person who helps row is too busy to rock the boat.
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person. -- Dave Barry
A person who's at the top has the habit of getting to the bottom.
A perversion of nature... how exciting!
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is one who hopes they are. -- Chauncey Depew
A pessimist is never disappointed.
A pessimist looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.
A phaser is the universal communicator. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
A phaser on stun is like a day without orange juice.
A phone call costs less than you think. Soon it will cost more than you believe.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms. -- George Wald
A piano is a piano is a piano. -- Gertrude Steinway.
A picture is a poem without words.
A picture is worth a thousand words. So draw a picture of the Gettysburg address. -- Leo Rosten
A picture is worth a thousand words... can you draw a picture to express that? -- Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut
A pipe give a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to put in his mouth.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A plague on both your spouses!
A planet is a nice thing spoiled by a sparse population of Dominoes Delivery Men.
A planet where apes evolved from men? -- MST3K
A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it. -- Stanley Baldwin
A plucked goose does not lay golden eggs.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A poet who reads his own verse in public may have other nasty habits. -- Robert Heinlein
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A polar bear is a rectangular bear after a coordinate transform.
A politician is a person who can make waves and then make you think he's the only one who can save the ship. -- Ivern Ball
A politician is an animal which can sit on a fence and yet keep both ears to the ground. -- H.L. Mencken
A politician isn't above corruption much like an ocean isn't above clouds.
A politician would do well to remember that he has to live with his conscience longer than he does with his constituents. -- Melvin R. Laird
A porno row near a club I go to just shut down in the last month and I really miss seeing the people hanging around outside looking shady and the lights on the shops flashing invitingly. Life's not quite the same without the seedy fringy. -- John Dobbin
A positive anything is better than a negative nothing. -- Jerry Maguire
A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.
A power plant with a contract is really just a gigantic short position for natural gas. -- Jeffrey Skilling (President & CEO, Enron)
A powerful relationship requires the capacity to enter another's reality; to see how that person sees the world.
A practical nurse is one who falls in love with a wealthy patient.
A pre-emptive retaliatory strike: get them back before they get you in the first place.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
A preposition is something one should never end a sentence with.
A pretty woman is a welcome guest.
A pride of lions. A gaggle of geese. An odd lot of programmers.
A principle widely held by physicists states that there is no such thing as a truly independent observer, that every act of perception, no matter how trivial, affects whatever is observed. Information theorists recognize a similar principle: every message, no matter how perfunctory, is carried by a medium that colors its meaning for the recipient. -- Jerry Kaplan
A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
A process which led from the amoeba to man appeared to the philosophers to be obviously a progress, though whether the amoeba would agree with this opinion is not known. -- Bertrand Russell
A procrastinator's work is never done.
A proctologist with a psychology degree specializes in odds and ends.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A professor's enthusiasm for teaching the introductory course varies inversely with his likelihood of having to do it.
A program is never less than 90% complete... and never more than 95% complete. -- Terry Baker, IBM's Federal Systems Division, 1975
A prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded. -- Abraham Lincoln
A project is beginning in San Diego, California, to test a "driverless" freeway system. This is great! With both hands free, it will be so much easier to reload.
A project not worth doing at all is not worth doing well.
A proper salad consists of 6 parts gin and one part verouth strained over ice into a glass with two olives -- Scott Potter
A prostitution archetype. That is sooooooo funny! -- John Thornley
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing. -- Joey Adams
A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that your wife will give you for free.
A puritan is someone who is deadthly afraid that someone, somewhere is having fun.
A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone somewhere is having fun
A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone somewhere is having fun.
A Purple Heart just proves that were you smart enough to think of a plan, stupid enough to try it and lucky enough to survive.
A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat. -- Slick's Law of the Universe
A quick response is worth a thousand logical responses.
A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today. The results blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon. -- Steel City News
A race track is the only place to find windows that clean people.
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
A raise is like a martini: it elevates the spirit, but only temporarily. -- Dan Seligman
A real Christian is the person who can give his pet parrot to the town gossip.
A real friend is a person who, when you've made a fool of yourself, lets you forget it.
A real loser is one who moved into a new neighborhood and got run over by the welcome wagon.
A real man would not shoplift the pootie from a single mother. -- Jerry Maguire
A real optimist is a guy who can hand his car to a parking lot attendant and not look back.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and the real reason.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything... a good reason and the real reason.
A realist lets circumstances decide which end of the telescope to look through.
A really grand passion is comparatively rare nowadays. It is the privilege of people who have nothing to do. That is the one use of the idle classes in the country. -- Oscar Wilde (A Woman of No Importance)
A recent statistical study revealed that the average American has one testicle and one breast.
A red light means the next six cars may go through the intersection. -- Rules for driving in New York
A referenced outcome under a joint partnership is near an idiomatically simple purpose, but since a historical circulation is not realizable, a necessarily initial increment of an essential documentation is defined.
A relationship is a pervading and changing mystery. Brutal or lovely, the mystery waits for people wherever they go, whatever extreme they run to. -- Eudora Welty
A relationship is like a shark. It has to keep moving forward or it dies.
A remedy for masturbation which is almost always successful in small boys is circumcision. The operation should be performed by a surgeon without administering an anesthetic, as the brief pain attending the operation will have a salutary effect upon the mind, especially if it be connected with the idea of punishment. In females, the author has found the application of pure carbolic acid to the clitoris an excellent means of allaying the abnormal excitement. -- John Harvey Kellogg, M.D. (Treatment for Self-Abuse and its Effects, Plain Fact for Old and Young; 1888)
A replacement player hit a home run with my cheatin' wife.
A repo man spends his life getting into tense situations. -- Repo Man
A reporter asked me not long ago whether I had ever expected a commercial internet to operate. 'Yes,' I answered, 'that didn't surprise me. Finding URLs in lipstick advertisements really threw me though.' -- Fred Baker
A researcher in San Diego says that eating 25 pounds of chocolate can give you the same effect as marijuana. But as you know, the main effect of eating marijuana is eating 25 pounds of chocolate, so it's the same thing. -- Jay Leno
A retentive memory is a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness. -- Elbert Hubbard
A reverence for life does not require one to respect nature's obvious mistakes.
A revolution is not a dinner party. -- Mao Tse Tung
A roast aardvark without an apple in its mouth is like a martini without the egg.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
A rocky road is easier to travel than a stone wall. -- David Farber
A rolling disk gathers no mos.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A Rolling Stone gathers no moss, but drug convictions are another story.
A rolling stone gathers no moss. -- Publilius Syrus
A room without books is like a body without a soul. -- Cicero
A room-spent night does not a boyfriend make. -- Adam Rifkin
A rumor has it that rumors are just rumors.
A rumor without a leg to stand on will get around some other way. -- John Tudor
A sacrifice... how about a young, nubile, willing dancing girl, dressed in thin white silk, holding a chocolate chip cheesecake in one hand and a six-pack of Blue Ridge Porter in the other? Just send her to my place and consider yourself paid up. -- Nikki Gustas
A salvage company has located George Bush's WWII plane at the bottom of the South China sea. It also found Dan Quayle's Vietnam era 3 wood at the bottom of a lake at an Indianapolis golf course.
A satirist is a man who discovers unpleasant things about himself and then says them about other people. -- Peter McArthur
a scene is a collection of sexual references that masquerades as an art support group -- Brad Barkett
A scholar is he who doesn't repeat his mistakes but rather makes new ones.
A scholar's wisdom comes of ample leisure; To be wise he must be relieved of other tasks. (Sirach 38.24)
A scout obeys all to whom obedience is due and respects all duly constipated authorities.
A scout troop consists of twelve little kids dressed like schmucks following a big schmuck dressed like a kid. -- Jack Benny
A search based on these criteria usually yields a male who is 50-plus years old, has a Masters degree in an engineering science, and has moved up the managerial ladder to the top spot in one or more corporations. Unfortunately, there are currently few minorities and almost no women who chose to be engineering graduate students 30 years ago. (That picture will be dramatically different in 10 years, due to the greater diversification of graduate students in the '80s.) Bluntly stated, a "woman's view" on how to run our semiconductor company does not help us, unless that woman has an advanced technical degree and experience as a CEO. -- T.J. Rodgers
A security system is only as secure as its secret. Beware of pseudo-secrets. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
A seminar on Time Travel will be held two weeks ago.
A sense of humor is the difference between ambition and achievement.
A sense of mystery always heightens desire... it is advisable for a girl to never reveal too much. -- Helen Gurley Brown (Sex in the Office, 196x)
A seven day honeymoon makes one weak.
A sex symbol becomes a thing. I hate being a thing. -- Marilyn Monroe
A shadow is the... mobile, persistent, distributed, self-descriptive, self-contained, pro-active, cooperative, trustworthy, object-oriented, software analog of some real world object. -- Sandor Spruit
A ship in harbor is safe... but that is not what ships are for. -- John A. Shedd
A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea. -- Dutch proverb
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
A shortcut is the longest path between two points.
A showoff always gets shown up in a showdown.
A sick mind is not necessarily the sign of a clean desk.
A sign for a superintendent of schools was "Bored of Education".
A sign warning that police are doing arial speed checks: Pigs in space!
A silver tongue, a golden touch, and a mind like a steel trap.
A simile is like a metaphor.
A simple, half-done job is more virtuous than a complex, well-executed one. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
A sine curve goes off to infinity or at least the end of the blackboard. -- Professor Steiner
A single conversation across the table with a wise man is worth a months study of books. -- Chinese Proverb
A single fact can spoil a good argument.
A sinking ship gathers no moss. -- Donald Kaul
A ski jump is a leap made by a person on the way to the hospital.
A skunk is better company than a person who prides himself on being frank.
A skunk walked by and my odor eaters went berserk with blood lust.
A slipping gear could let your M203 grenade launcher fire when you least expect it. That would make you quite unpopular in what's left of your unit. (In the August 1993 issue, page 9, of PS magazine, the Army's magazine of preventive maintenance)
A small case of mood poisoning. Must be something I hate. -- Wild Palms
A small case of mood poisoning... must have been something I hate. -- Eli Levitt (Wild Palms)
A small date stump props up the water jar.
A small handgun makes any TV remote control. -- David Letterman
A small town is where there's little to do or say, but what you hear makes up for it. -- Ivern Ball
A smart ass can sit on an ice cream cone and tell you what flavor it is.
A smile increases your face value.
A smile is a powerful weapon - you can even break ice with it.
A smile is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it in one spot.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces. -- Canada Bill Jones
A smooth lie is better than a distorted truth.
A smooth sea never made a skillful mariner.
A snake lurks in the grass. -- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family, the care of men, and the creation of the future generation, is a society which is on the way out. -- L. Ron Hubbard
A soft answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger. -- Solomon (Proverbs 15:1)
A soft drink turneth away company. You're all over it, like a cheap suit.
A soft drink turneth away company.
A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity. -- Mark Twain
A son is one whose incantations and offerings keep a father's spirit from wandering homeless and hungry in the waste spaces of eternity. -- Hindu proverb
A song in time is worth a dime.
A sorority girl's favorite wine is "I wanna go home".
A spirit with a vision is a dream with a mission. -- Rush
A sponge to wipe out the past, a rose to make the present sweet, and a kiss to salute the future.
A starving entrepreneur can't afford to offend customers. One spends 40-80 hours/week doing favors for people. Few religions can match that. -- Ken Laws
A stated design goal of Motif was to give the X Window System the window management capabilities of HP's circa-1988 window manager and the visual elegance of Microsoft Windows. We kid you not. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
A statesman who keeps his ear permanently glued to the ground will have neither elegance of posture nor flexibility of movement. -- Abba Eban
A still tongue makes a happy life. -- The Prisoner
A stitch in time saves nine.
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
A stone was placed at a ford in a river with the inscription: When this stone is covered it is dangerous to ford here.
A stop-gap measure is better than no gap at all. -- David Farber
A store tomato is a tease. It gives the false impression it is a tomato, getting your hopes up and then breaking your heart because it isn't even remotely what a normal person would call a tomato. A home potato and a store potato are the difference between great and good. A home tomato and a store tomato are the difference between good and evil. -- Bill Hall (Lewiston, Idaho Tribune, May 13, 1998)
A strainer is none the worse for having another hole.
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows. -- O'Henry
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures. -- Daniel Webster
A strong man and a waterfall always channel their own path.
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug. -- Patricia Neal
A student of Zen is not supposed to attach to any object or thought or person - which is to say, he must not believe in, or depend on, any absolute - not even this philosophy of nonattachment. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A study has found that coffee drinkers lead more active sex lives. For one thing, we're awake.
A study shows that a woman's breast feeding isn't adversely affected by aerobics. It was found, however, to be pretty distracting to guys in the class.
A stupid laptop that performs like a pII, has a 15" active matrix screen, is lighter than 5 pounds, and can play a good GLQuake game over the IR port (so the flight attendants don't trip over the cable) with battery life that doesn't quit out playing it 3/5ths of the way through a stupid flight from OC into San Jose or SF including traffic and spilled drinks. -- Greg Bolcer
A stupid person can do anything but think. -- Bob Dobbs, Jr.
A successful American spends more supporting the government than a family.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. -- Lana Turner
A successful technology creates problems only it can solve. -- Alan Kay
A successful tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author. -- S. C. Johnson
A super-saturated solution is one that holds more than it can hold.
A superb and inexpensive restaurant. Fine food expertly served by waitresses in appetizing forms.
A supercomputer is a machine that runs an infinite loop in finite time.
A surprised Data is propositioned by the E's Computer.
A survey of 33 metropolitan areas found New Orleans has the highest percentage of obese people. What do they expect? The Louisiana state vegetable is butter. -- Daily Scoop
A sweater is a garment worn by a child when his mother feels chilly.
A sweater makes anyone look like a babe. -- Richard Goodman
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the first one you thought of.
A system admin's life is a sorry one. The only advantage he has over Emergency Room doctors is that malpractice suits are rare. On the other hand, ER doctors never have to deal with patients installing new versions of their own innards! -- Michael O'Brien
A Tale of Two Zities -Dickens's cookbook
A task becomes a duty from the moment you suspect it to be an essential part of that integrity which alone entitles a man to assume responsibility. -- Dag Hammarskjold
A task without a vision is drudgery; a vision without a task is a dream; a dream with a vision is victory.
A tax court ruled against a man who won cash and a car on the TV game show Wheel of Fortune. The IRS has said that he couldn't deduct buying a vowel as a legitimate business expense.
A taxi driver is a man who drives away customers.
A tea kettle sings though in hot water up to its nose.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say. -- Michael Winner
A technique succeeds in mathematical physics, not by a clever trick, or a happy accident, but because it expresses some aspect of a physical truth. -- O.G. Sutton
A theory is better than its explanation.
A thick head can do as much damage as a hard heart. -- H.W. Dodds
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise. -- Aldo Leopold (Sand County Almanac)
A Thousand points of Broccoli
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He sidles up to the bar and announces: "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
A threesome? I'd love to have two guys. One could paint the walls while the other cleaned up the kitchen. That would be such a turn on. -- AJ Campbell
A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterwards. -- Jean Paul Richter
A tire is a Goodyear, but 365 condoms is a great year!
A tizzy is the thing you go through before you have a hissy fit.
A toast ...to... umm.. whatever. -- Bruce Sherrod
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
A tough guy bangs it on the side of the urinal to dry it off.
A town's gate can be shut, a fool's mouth, never.
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
A trauma is when it happens to me. No bid deal is when it happens to you. -- Matt Groening
A tree is a tree. How many more do you have to look at? -- Governor Ronald Reagan (1966)
A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
A tribble a day keeps the Klingons away.........
A tribble a day keeps the Klingons well fed.
A trombone spends all of its time going in and out, whereas a violin just rubs itself all day.
A truck carrying copies of Roget's Thesaurus overturned on the highway. The local newspaper reported that the onlookers were "stunned, overwhelmed, astonished, bewildered, and dumbfounded."
A true capitalist fights with their wallet. A true anarchist fights with the opponents' wallet -- Jessica Marrell
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and the one that we take the least care of all to acquire. -- Franois de La Rochefoucauld
A true gentleman is one who can play the bagpipes. And doesn't.
A truly lazy person is never bored.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A truly wise person never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A trumpet is an instrument when it is not an elephant sound.
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent. -- William Blake
A TV set is an instrument with a picture in front, a loud speaker on the side and an installment behind.
A twelve-gauge, double-barrelled, grenade-launcher of LOVE! -- Leap of Faith
A typedef name was a complete surprise to me at this point in your program. -- Apple MPW C compiler error message
A uniform so smart it's got a PhD from Cambridge. -- Blackadder IV
A universal human stupidity is the belief that our neighbor's success is the cause of our failure. -- Charles V. Roman
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students. -- John Ciardi
A University without students is like an ointment without a fly. -- Ed Nather (professor of astronomy at UT Austin)
A UNIX saleslady, Lenore, Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more. She found a good way To combine work and play: She sells C shells by the seashore.
A unix signature isn't a return address, it's the ASCII equivalent of a black velvet clown painting. It's a rectangle of carets surrounding a quote from a literary giant of weeniedom like Heinlein or Dr. Who. -- Chris Maeda
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with. -- Tennessee Williams
A vacuum with nipples. -- Otto Preminger on Marilyn Monroe
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. -- Samuel Goldwyn
A very intelligent turtle Found programming UNIX a hurdle The system, you see, Ran as slow as did he, And that's not saying much for the turtle.
A very interesting person to cuss and discuss with. -- Kendall Bullen
A very special episode of ER was on last week. The emergency room doctors operated for seven hours trying to remove Mark Fuhrman's head from his ass.
A victim of a prank, Geordi puts a banana over his eyes
A violent man will die a violent death. -- Lao Tsu
A virtuoso is a musician with real high morals.
A virtuous life is its own punishment.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness. -- William Arthur Ward
A warning to the wives of baseball players. No matter HOW ANGRY your husband makes you, never slap the face of a man chewing tobacco!
A waste is a terrible thing to mind. -- Custodians of Love Canal
A watched clock never boils.
A watched pot gathers no moss.
A weapon that makes a fashion statement! I like it. -- Shredder
a web design company is like a pet rock. everybody's got one, and they're fucking useless -- David Swim
A wedding is a funeral where a man smells his own flowers.
A wedding ring is like a tourniquet. It cuts off your circulation. -- MAD Magazine
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A well-adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A well-balanced breakfast is an important start to a good ressurection. -- Kristie Home
A well-known friend is a treasure.
A white lie is aversion of the truth.
A whole hog is better than no hole at all. -- David Farber
A William and Mary Intramural Basketball Team: Dick and the Four Skins
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends. -- Baltasar Gracian
A wise man hears one word and understands two. -- Jewish proverb
A wise man is one who has a great deal to say, and remains silent.
A wise man knows everything; a shrewd man knows everyone.
A wise man once said.... I don't know...
A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion. -- Chinese proverb
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets people's attention.
A witty saying proves nothing. -- Voltaire
A wok is what you throw at a wabbit.
A woman can become a man's friend only in the following stages: first an acquaintance, next a mistress, and only then a friend. -- Anton Chekhov (Uncle Vanya)
A woman can run faster with her skirt up than a man with his pants down.
A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her.
A woman has to work twice as hard as a man to be considered half as good. Fortunately it's not hard.
A woman is a lot like a refrigerator. Six feet tall, three hundred pounds, they make ice. -- Homer Simpson
A woman is like a teabag. You can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -- Nancy Reagan
A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke. -- Rudyard Kipling (The Betrothed)
A woman met a man walking along the street wearing only one shoe. "Just lost a shoe?" she asked. He answered, "Nope, just found one."
A woman must be pretty to please the men. But as for a man, all he needs is five sound limbs....
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
A woman never forgets.
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. A man of 35 thinks of dating children.
A woman reading Playboy feels a little like a Jew reading a Nazi manual. -- Gloria Steinem
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition. -- G.K. Chesterton
A woman was arrested for driving under the influence... of prozac.
A woman was scooping up an armload of toaster pastries just as I was contemplating their ingredients. I said to her, These things could kill you. She said, Well, they're just for the kids.
A woman who demands equality is selling herself short. -- George Bernard Shaw
A woman will do anything for a man she once loved except love him again. -- Oscar Wilde
A woman with ESP and PMS is a know-it-all bitch.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A woman, especially if she has the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can. -- Jane Austin (Northanger Abbey)
A woman, like a good piece of music, should have a solid end. -- F. Schubert
A woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; her sexual desire, four times; her intelligence, eight times. -- Sanskrit proverb
A woman's place is in the house. And the senate.
A woman's place is in the wrong. -- James Thurber
A woman's whole life is a history of the affections. -- Washington Irving
A word about pornography. You'll need it. Lots of it. -- John Hughes (National Lampoon, 1979)
A word about the suicide machine. Don't buy. RENT. -- David Letterman
A word to the wise is enough. -- Miguel de Cervantes
A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.
A word to the wise: a woman is topologically equivalent to a bagel, or a beer mug.
A writer is like a bag lady going through life with a sack and a pointed stick collecting stuff. -- Tony Hillerman
A writer must not shift your point of view.
A yawn is a silent shout. -- G.K. Chesterton
A year ago, Steve was in the wilderness, and everybody thought that NeXT was going nowhere. Then, as if by magic, he manages to sell it to Apple, for a very high price, and gain control of Apple in the process, and now he is in the position of again becoming a revered figure in the history of computing. If that's not leadership, I don't know what is. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to convince anyone of the existence of God. -- Alan Perlis
A young Jedi Knight named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Emperor hunt down and destroy the Jedi Knights. He betrayed and murdered your father. Vader was seduced by the Dark Side of the Force. -- Star Wars
A young Roman named Marcus Valenti had troubles and anguish aplenty. He's been beaten and plundered, by Huns by the C, before he had even turned XX.
A youth becomes a man when the marks he wants to leave on the world have nothing to do with tires.
A Zen buddhist walks into a pizza place and says, "Make me one with everything!" -- Dave Sweeney
A Zen philosopher once said, a flute with no holes is not a flute, and a donut with no holes is a danish. Think about it. -- Chevy Chase
A zygote is a gamete's method of producing more gametes.
A)bort R)etry G)et a stick and kill it.
A.C.R.O.N.Y.M.: Abbreviations Concatenated Rowwise, Obscuring (Naturally) Your Meaning.
AAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse
AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk You brute Knock before entering a ladies room
Aaahhhh... nothing like a fine breakfast of snapple, cheetos, and rolaids... -- Rohit Khare
Aaaugh! Don't DO that! -- MST3K
Abandon all hope, ye who enter messages here.
Abandon all hope, ye who have entered cyberspace.
Abandon all hope, ye who press ENTER here.
Abandon hope all ye who press ENTER here.
Abandon ship all you who enter here! -- David Farber
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Ability is nearly always accompanied by humility.
Abort, Retry, Fail? -- Microsoft
ABORT: Drivel filter is compromised
Abortion is a miscarriage of justice.
About 108% of all videos suck, no matter how loud you turn up the TV. -- Butt-head
About 400 women turned me down for dates this year. I can only conclude one thing... not enough quality women. -- Scott Adams
About a month ago, I went shopping with my insane Taiwanese girlfriend, Communist Spice. As is my wont, we were methodically cruising every aisle in the store. When we entered the pet aisle by mistake (we have no pets) she stopped dead in her tracks. Picking up a can with a picture of a cat on the label, she held it out for me to see. "You are eat this in you country? We not eat cat in Taiwan." -- M. Otis Beard
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About as funny as flatulence in a spacesuit.
About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after. -- Ernest Hemingway
About the only people who don't quarrel over religion are the people who don't have any. -- Bob Edwards
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -- Herbert Hoover
Above all else - sky.
Above all else, hire the best people. If you choose to ignore this advice, I will give it to you again in six months for twice the price. -- Faisal Jawdat
Above all the doors to the buildings, there were signs that read, "Through These Doors Enter Tomorrow's Engineers, Scientists and Astronauts." They had to show me where the entrance for today's philosophy-major-slackers was. I scraped up my legs pretty badly crawling in and out of that restroom window. -- Cheryl Droffner
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Abrasive - A fine mesh for sifting female undergarments.
Absence makes the dick grow longer.
Absence makes the heart forget.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. -- Sextus Aurelius
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Absent, adj.: Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed; slandered.
Absentee, n.: A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.
Absolute knowledge means never having to change your mind.
Absolute zero is cool.
Absolutely. Especially those goddamn economists. They really suck. For some reason I keep meeting economists who are full of wild ideas about fault tolerant systems. They pretend that it's just speculation but they really think you can build scalable, reliable networks with a bunch of common sense and handwaving. -- Martin Frankel
Absolutum obsoletum. [If it works, it's out of date.] -- Stafford Beer
Abstain from beans.
Abstain from wine, women, and song; mostly song.
Abstainer, n.: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Abstention makes the heart grow fonder.
Abstinence makes the heart grow fondler.
Abstinence prevents sexually transmitted disease and pregnancy - every time it's tried. -- Rush Limbaugh
Absurdity, n.: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low. -- Wallace Sayre
Academic training was instrumental. You have to understand the language of society before you can start stretching and subverting it and ripping and tearing it and burning it and watching the plastic drip on the ants.
Academics get paid for being clever, not for being right. -- Donald Norman
Academy: A modern school where football is taught.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune. -- William James
Access denied. Nah nah na nah nah!
Access to power must be confined to those who are not in love with it. -- Plato
Accident, n.: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
Accidents cause History.
Accidents will happen, it's only thick and thin.
Accolade - An effervescent fruit cordial made from Accos.
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
According to a recent study, sex has now replaced cigarettes as the leading cause of studies.
According to Einstein's Theory of Relativity, I COULDN'T go that fast! -- Top 5
According to Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics, we may already be making love right now. -- Top 5
According to my best recollection, I don't remember. -- Vincent Jimmy Blue Eyes Alo
According to my calculations, the problem doesn't exist.
According to obituary notices, mean and hateful people never die.
According to our calendar o' fun, this Friday is not just May 5th; it's also Cinqo de Mayo!
According to Starfleet medical research, Borg implants cause severe skin irritations. Perhaps you'd like an... analgesic cream? -- Star Trek: First Contact
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
According to the latest poll, 61% of Americans think OJ did it. The other 39% don't think.
According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
According to the official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
According to Who's Who, his interests include flogging servants, shooting poor people, and the extension of slavery to anyone who hasn't got a knife in them. -- Blackadder III
Accordion, n.: A bagpipe with pleats.
Accordion: A bagpipe with pleats.
Accountant - someone who can put two and two together and make a living from it.
Accountants do it with balance.
Accountants do it with double entry.
Accumulate mannequins now; spare parts will be in short supply on D-Day. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Accuracy, n.: The vice of being right
Accuracy, n.: The vice of being right.
Accuracy: The vice of being right.
ACHTUNG! ALLES LOOKENSPEEPERS! Das Internet is nicht fuer gefingerclicken und giffengrabben. Ist easy droppenpacket der routers und overloaden der backbone mit der spammen unt der me-tooen. Ist nicht fuer gewerken bei das dumpkopfen. Das musclicken sichtseeren keepen das bandwit-spewin hans in das pockets muss; relaxen und watchen das cursorblinken. -- Michael Driscoll
Acid -- better living through chemistry.
Acid absorbs 47 times it's weight in excess Reality.
Acid absorbs 47 times its weight in excess Reality.
Acid is like a woman -- a good one'll eat right through your pants.
Acid takes the worry out of being.
Acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Acquire - A group of singers commonly found in churches.
ACRONYM - A Capitalized Representation Of Names You Memorize.
Acrophobes get down.
Act (so) that you... treat humanity... never simply as a means, but always at the same time as an end. -- Kant
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Acting is the most minor of gifts and not a very high-class way to earn a living. After all, Shirley Temple could do it at the age of four. -- Katharine Hepburn
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Action: the last resource of those who know not how to dream. -- Oscar Wilde
Actions are the insipid reflections of our motives.
Actions lie louder than words. -- Carolyn Wells
Actions speak louder than words --- though not so often.
Actors do it on stage.
Actors play around.
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
Actresses in porn - unlike in Hollywood - far outearn the actors, choose their co-stars, and decide what they will do on-screen. (People in the industry like to interpret this as having power, but it's the power to choose whom you'll have anal sex with, a perk all of us can presumably take for granted.) -- Lynn Snowden (Deep Inside the Valley of Sin)
Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the overcompensations for misery. -- Aldous Huxley
Actual size *doesn't* matter. It's how big you can convince her it is that matters. -- John Dobbin
Actually Digital threatened to sue Microsoft over having copied large chunks of VMS for WNT, unless they keep an Alpha version of WNT alive... that was before they got the pictures of Bilbo Gates doing heroinn acid with a call-girl from Proxima Centauri. -- Robert Harley
Actually I have real references, they work on commission. -- Mark Denovich
Actually I'm sure MacZephyr 1.1 will win because it, unlike all of our other programs, was written by a programmer who valued writing good bug free code. -- Mark Curby
Actually it is an interplanetary greeting.
Actually it was in gym class. I was trying to climb the ropes and Jerry was spotting me. I kept slipping and burning my thighs and then finally I slipped and fell on Jerry's head. We've been close ever since. -- Seinfeld
Actually Nostril Weasels has a certain mystique to it as well... -- John Dobbin
Actually, a psychic ESP thing is not required. If you just follow these simple rules, you'll never over-forward things: (1) Never forward anything from rec.humor.funny. (2) Never forward anything that's been forwarded to you. (3) Never forward anything. -- Bruce Sherrod
Actually, bottom line: you tell the truth sometimes. Like you're pulling taffy. -- Lisa Loeb
Actually, cats do this to protect you from gnomes who come and steal your breath while you sleep. -- John Dobbin
Actually, for those of you counting at home, two war crimes. ... Of course, only the losers face war-crime tribunals. -- Sam Greenfield
Actually, given your arrival time I'll have just gotten up. (After having gone back to sleep after church, Richard.) -- John Dobbin
actually, he's probably using batmail, which is way cooler because it and it. it also at the same it, and now features, improved, and the ability to. also, it prints out a little picture of a bat and not everyone knows how to use it. -- Brian Long
Actually, I prefer to carry the Trusty +17 Vorpal Dancing Butterknife of Vampiric Life-stealing that shoots 9d6 Fireballs. -- Eric Rossing
Actually, I think what would be most appropriate for this forum is if we were all to shut up now. -- Majdi Abbas
Actually, I was just going to say that Married with Children was my example of the pinnacle of edge-losing-ness. -- Jon Ferro
Actually, now that you mention it, you may be right. Sex would utterly rule in a 75mm aspect ratio and with THX-approved speakers in full surround sound and stuff, but in real life. And it should come with popcorn, too, and maybe have sequels and stuff. -- Adam Rixey
Actually, the point of a zoo is not to provide a running track. The point is to imprison animals for the amusement of sweating Iowans who have come 1500 miles to learn that the pandas are not available for viewing. You want to jog, go to Rock Creek Park, where the aroma of steaming primate offal is replaced by fresh car exhaust. Be sure to gesture obscenely at the cabs, in case they contain tourists. If all works as planned, tourism will drop to zero, and we can all play squash unhindered in the National Archives rotunda. -- James Lileks
Actually, the Roxy is 15+. They just require you to bring a fake ID if you're 15-17... -- Voron
Actually, this has been a feature of Unix for years now. A process may have all of its child processes reaped without warning, lose its entire flock, and even find itself afflicted by boils, all at the whims of the scheduler. This is why the operating system refers to a suspended process as a "stopped Job". Unfortunately, most implementations fail to capitalize the name, leading to widespread confusion and mispronounciation among users. -- Dan Martinez
actually, this is Freebasin' Freddie's diet plan, too. coke for breakfast, coke for lunch, sensible dinner. it really works! -- Andrew Stellman
Acute Alcoholic, n.: An attractive drunk.
Acute Angle - A very attractive early Briton.
Ad astra per aspera. [To the stars by aspiration.]
Ada is the 400 pound gorilla of programming languages.
Ada programmers do it by committee.
Ada programmers do it in packages.
Adam "obsessive compulsive email disorder" Rifkin - Adam and Rohit are my two info junkie friends. Rohit is to Adam as /dev/null is to /dev/zero. Rohit sucks. Adam blows. -- Gordon Irlam
Adam (and me too I think) is tall but understated. He doesn't dominate a crowd so you really don't think of him as being as tall as he is. -- John Dobbin
Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was that they escaped teething.
Adam and John: I'm ready to be flooded again. -- Megan Coughlin
Adam blamed Eve, Eve blamed the Serpent, and the poor Serpent didn't have a leg to stand on.
Adam doesn't care. He sent me a credit card receipt complete with credit card number, expiration date and signature. No more suggesting Adam buy something, now I can do it for him! -- John Dobbin
Adam Forrest Rifkin. Feminist radar fork. -- Robert Harley
Adam Forrest Rifkin. First naked air form. -- Robert Harley
Adam Forrest Rifkin. I staff mirror, naked. -- Robert Harley
Adam Forrest Rifkin. Infrared skirt foam. -- Robert Harley
Adam Forrest Rifkin. Modern skirt affair. -- Robert Harley
Adam Forrest Rifkin. Offer radiant smirk. -- Robert Harley
Adam Forrest Rifkin. Skim torrid fanfare. -- Robert Harley
Adam is God's apology for the Archie Bunkers of this world. A doctoral student at CalTech, comic book star, gen-x activist, future screenwriter, finder of lost CD's, cat-owner, HTML deity, holder of world record for longest relationship before marriage, my LA landlord and personal hero. Pack a lunch if you intend to view his entire site. Hell, pack a restaurant. -- Duck
Adam Rifkin squandered his life on entertaining himself through movies, books, music, and alcohol. Squandered? That sounds like a pretty darn good way to live to me... -- John Dobbin
Adam was the only man who, when he said a good thing, knew that nobody had said it before him. -- Mark Twain
Adam, honey, unbridled. It's a horse, not a wife, you're restraining. -- Michael Patrick
Adam, quick: MONGOOSE! "Uh, Multithreaded Open Networked Global Object-Oriented Serialization Engine?" -- Joe Kiniry
Adam, the one thing you're really lacking in your purely academic life is to see up close and personal just how badly most large software projects are run. -- Ron Resnick
Adam, we're going to have to discuss this notion of yours that movies made in the 1940s are ripoffs of movies made in the 1990s. That's like saying God stole the name Adam from you. -- Megan Coughlin
Adam, you don't keep *A* Green Day web page. You keep *THE* Green Day web page. (By a 14-year-old who wishes to remain anonymous)
Adam: "I can't take this anymore! I'm too happy! I need to be depressed!" Mack: "Come with me, Adam; it's heroine time..."
Adam:"Sex is not so much a matter of fact as it is of friction." Rob:"Not if it's done right."
Adam's First Rule of Speaking: Nice guys finish fast.
Adam's help didn't move the column along one iota further. But I did get to excoriate him all night long over the bad press I was taking on FoRK as a weight-obsessed sexist maniac. -- Rohit Khare
Adde parvum parvo magnus acervus erit. [Add little to little and there will be a big pile.] -- Ovid
Addiction - The process by which one becomes a dick.
Addiction is a drag. -- Dennis Hopper
Adding manpower to a late software project only makes it later.
Addition is commutative; that way your additives become preservatives. -- the ARs
Additional information can be found by fingering women@andrew. -- the CMU Women's Center
Adhere to Schweinheitsgebot. Don't put anything in your beer that a pig wouldn't eat. -- David Geary
Admiral, there be whales here... -- Scotty
Admiration, n.: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Adobe left an artifact from the beta version of the program in the final shipping version: it causes Photoshop to expire if the system clock is set for a year other than 1994.
Adobe turned it's back on the Mac market (Adobe was so arrogant about this that they would go to Mac shows and demo their software on PC's), released a shitty upgrade for Illustrator, and kissed Microsoft's ass. This is what they got for their efforts. -- Tim Byars
Adolescence is that period of time between puberty and adultery.
Adolescence, n.: The stage between puberty and adultery.
Adolescence, n.: The stage of life between puberty and adultery.
Adolescents are children old enough to dress by themselves, if they could just remember where they last saw their clothes.
Adolescents: children old enough to dress by themselves, if they could just remember where they last saw their clothes.
Adopt Macaulay Culkin and rob the little monkey blind. -- David Letterman
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look like you... -- Gilda Radner
Adopting the metric system would have certain psychological advantages, such as being able to claim 18 centimeters instead of seven inches.
Adorable wind-up monkey with a powerful taste for human flesh. -- David Letterman
Adore, v.: To venerate expectantly. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Adult, n.: One old enough to know better.
Adult: One old enough to know better.
Adultery is pretty much laughed off today. -- John Dobbin
Adultery, n.: When a husband is too good to be true.
Adults are just obsolete chidren, and the hell with them. -- Dr. Seuss
Adults choosing between good and evil is like kids choosing between celery and cookies. -- Adam Rifkin
Adumbration, n.: A sketchy representation or outline.
Advancement in position.
Adverbs are fading from the English language slow, but sure.
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it. -- Horace
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper. -- Mark Twain
Advertising gives us a new option, whereas before all we had were boredom and mania. -- Crazy People
Advertising is legalized lying. -- H.G. Wells
Advertising majors do it with style.
Advertising the fact that Matthew Perry is single and looking is like sending a man walking with a hundred pounds of hamburger strapped to his back through a famine infested country. -- People
Advertising, n.: The science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it. -- Stephen Leacock
Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.
Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
Advisor: The guy who told you how to screw up
Adweanne -- Rocky
Aerospace Engineers do it with lift and thrust.
Afflictions are good, as every filmmaker knows, because they generate emotion and win Oscars. -- Mr. Cranky
Affluence trivializes, excessive affluence trivializes to the absurd. -- Dren Geer
African sun was pure and good. Never needed a hat, just brotherhood. -- NWH
After a day of being a two-faced political weasel, a fella gets awful lonely. -- David Letterman
After a long bath Worf sees the fleas as his true friends
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
After all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
After all is said and done, much is said and little is done. -- Olmstead
After all is said and done, the human struggle always filters down to substance abuse. -- Baked Potatoes
After all is said and done, usually more is said than done.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations. -- H. L. Mencken (on Shakespeare)
After all, the purpose of the exercises is to make sure we all have the same definitions... mine. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi. -- P. J. O'Rourke
After all, what would it say about me if I failed to answer these questions, disregarded our agreement and went ahead and kicked Henry Miller's ass out of principle? -- Elliot Peter Earls (The Apollo Program)
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After any unit has been completely assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After careful analysis I have developed a sophisticated theory to explain the existence of this bizarre workplace behavior: People are idiots. -- Scott Adams
After columnist William Safire called Hillary Clinton a congenital liar, the President conceded that he'd like to punch Safire in the nose. Can't anybody write about the Clintons without mentioning genitals?
After considerable thought, I have concluded that a Ponderance is merely a Rumination dressed up in fancy clothes. -- Ed Smith
After dark all cats are leopards. -- Native American Proverb
After decades of careful research on the possible uses of the Internet, we were still unprepared for anything as pointless as IRC.
After eating, do amphibians have to wait one hour before getting out of the water?
After eight years as president I have only two regrets: that I have not shot Henry Clay or hanged John C. Calhoun. -- Andrew Jackson
After five years of playing football, they gave me a college degree. -- Forrest Gump
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect. -- Freeman Dyson
After hearing my story, DO NOT try to snort TANG up your nose. You think i would have learned after the hot cocoa. -- Ken "Vlad" Nagle
After heavy lobbying by comedians, House Republicans have voted to keep Newt Gingrich as Speaker.
After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?
After I threw the bowl of jello at her, she had me arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
After learning some tricks of the trade, many people think they know the trade. -- Eugene Kleiner
After long thought, I and several of my friends came to the conclusion that this was designed to prevent cheating. I won't comment on that: The idea that a CMU student could not cheat if they wanted to is more insulting than the implication that they would. -- Ethan Evans
After marriage, husband and wife become two sides of a coin; they just can't face each other, but still they stay together. -- Hemant Joshi
After much thought Picard assumes the bowling ball phase.
After my last game... I'll walk off the court and take off one piece of clothing with every step. Then I'll be at about midcourt, and I'll walk the rest of the way into the locker room nude. -- Dennis Rodman
After R&D is finished, make sure the dogs want to eat the dog food. -- Eugene Kleiner
After reviewing papers for IPPS, I see the appeal of your papers on Infospheres. At least they have a strong vision. Now I want to see the next step. -- John Thornley
After riding a motorcycle, riding a car is like riding a living room. Except Claudia's car, which is like riding your crazy grandmother's attic. -- Colin MacDonald
After surgery, they put me in the expensive care unit.
After taking the test and failing it three times, I thought to myself, "Maybe I'm not meant to be an I.Q." -- Anna Chin-Williams
After the beep, leave a brief justification for man's ontological evolution in an existential universe. -- Reality Bites
After the first death, there is no other. -- Dylan Thomas
After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box. -- Italian proverb
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After we pull the pin, Mr. Grenade is NOT our friend
After working out, I feel like a 20-year old. Unfortunately there's never one around.
After you lose an election, will they let you back into all the exclusive clubs you resigned from?
Afterism, n.: A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late (ant. aphorism)
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Afternoon, n.: That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning.
Again with the finger! -- MST3K
Against the assault of humor, nothing can stand. -- Mark Twain
Age 'n Treachery Overcome Youth 'n Skill
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine. -- Dorothy Parker
Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health. Some men are born old, and some never grow old. -- Tryon Edwards
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Age is mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. -- Dan Ingman
Age shouldn't matter unless you are a cheese.
Age, n.: That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the enterprise to commit.
Aggressiveness in worldly affairs or business will benefit your purse.
Aging is bad, but consider the alternative.
Agnes' Law: Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Agony: Not all pain is gain. -- www.despair.com
Agrimony - What a divorced farmer pays his ex-wife.
Ah ha! Finally that failure to follow instructions comes back to bite you in the butt. -- John Dobbin
Ah I have access. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
Ah well, they say its not as bad as they say it is.
Ah yes, ketchup. God's other food. Oddly, it's not wonderful on cranberry sauce. -- John Dobbin
Ah yes. Me, I often find that when I have an inadequate amount of extract of the Wild Vindaloo in my bloodstream, it induces a state similar to, but in many ways unlike, Louisiana. -- Matt Sheahan
Ah, a meal fit for a king. Here, King!
Ah, argument by profanity. Very persuasive. -- Joe Barrera
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for? -- Robert Browning
Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now. -- Bob Dylan
Ah, come on, just this one last little feature.
Ah, I see... you've confused me with Ridge again... She's the one that understands all that shit [...] I'm just the information-management wizard and visionary... she's the neuropharminatrix -- Tripp Lilley
Ah, my trombone. Let me show you how it works. -- Riker
ah, the infamous "Booth Babes". Avoid them for they are specially trained to extract corporate secrets. -- Chad McDaniel
Ah, the lesser known, 'I *don't* have a dream' speech. -- Friends
Ah, the thrill of watching kicking, blocking, tackling, running ... but enough about fall sales at the mall. -- J. Wagner
Ah, to be a kid again, footloose and fancy free... and annoying as hell! -- Kat Reeves
Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Ah, yes! I wrote the Purple Cow; I'm sorry now I wrote it! But I can tell you anyhow, I'll kill you if you quote it! -- Gelett Burgess (The Burgess Nonsense Book (1914))
Ah, your flesh-mother used to bring me pudding. -- Homer Simpson
Ahah
Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.
Ahem! I don't remember us talking on a tape. Was this done without my knowledge? That's illegal you know. -- John Dobbin
AHEM. MAY I REMIND Mr. Martinez: One of the three core principles of a perl hacker is LAZINESS. You, Sir, have SINNED. Don't try to deny it. Your penence SHALL BE: Ten Perl haiku (to be judged on artistic merit, but must also be legal Perl (as implemented by perl5), though they need not actually do anything useful once compiled). -- Rob Earhart
Ahem. UPS are a bunch of cretinous, knuckle-dragging fuckwads who couldn't find their own assholes with both hands, a differential GPS suppository, and a licensed proctologist, hired as a full-time consultant, on 'round-the clock call. To their credit, they are stunningly coordinated, or at least ambidextrous, insofar as their total and absolute incompetence is not the slightest bit affected by the outcome of the decision as to which hand is to hold the bong and which is to choke the chicken. I wouldn't trust in their ability to get water downhill or toothpaste out of a tube, let alone a box across the country. If any of you should, for any reason, at any time, engage in an agreement, business contract, licensing deal, or other arrangement with UPS which will in any way result in a net benefit to them, I will KILL you. If said arrangement actually involved your entrusting items of any actual value to this company of gibbering, hell-spawned idiots, I will be doing you a FAVOR. -- Dan Martinez
Ahhh. A man with a sharp wit. Someone ought to take it away from him before he cuts himself. -- Peter da Silva
Ahhhhhhhh, I forget what I was going to say.
Aibohphobia, n.: Fear of palindromes.
Aim for the cat, dude! Aim for a cat! -- Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. -- W. Clement Stone
Aim to be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. -- Warren Buffett
Ain't I a stinker? -- Bugs Bunny
Ain't no angel gonna greet me. It's just you and I, my friend. I can feel myself fading away. -- Bruce Springsteen
Ain't no horse can't be rode; ain't no cowboy can't be throwed.
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing. -- The Mad Dogtender
Ain't nothin' in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead armadillos. -- Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower
Air conditioned environment - Do not open Windows.
Air Elementals blow a lot.
Air Geordis - TNG footwear
Air is water with holes in it
Air is water with holes in it.
Air pollution is a mist demeanor.
Air travel is hours of boredom punctuated by a few brief moments of terror. -- Charles Lindberg
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value. -- Marechal Ferdinand Foch (Professor of Strategy, Ecole Superieure de Guerre)
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
Al Cowlings says he established his 1-900 OJ hotline because he wants to get the truth out. Truth is, AC is greedy! Anybody who would call that number must be stupid, and besides... it's always busy.
ALABAMA: Literacy Ain't Everything.
Alan Greenspan is the Jon Postel of the world money market. -- George Mitchell (george@mvp.com)
Alan Lee Stark will spend 25 years to life in prison for stealing four cartons on cigarettes. He was sentenced under California's new "three Lucky Strikes and you're out" law.
Alas poor kiroY, I knew him backwards.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself
Alas, I am dying beyond my means. -- Oscar Wilde (as he sipped champagne on his deathbed)
Albatross, get your albatross ....
Albert Einstein got the "i before e" rule wrong twice.
Albert Einstein: not a game designer, but still a pretty good guy. -- Noah Falstein (Sinistar creator)
Albert's falling on the sun; cracks his head wide-open. -- Counting Crows
Albert's vision is looming out of control. All his wings are slowly sinking. -- Counting Crows
alcohol and calculus do not mix! DO NOT drink and derive! -- Cyndi Bernard
Alcohol can clean a bathroom, it ought to be able to clean your arteries. -- Ted Metzler
Alcohol is a slow poison. But who's in a hurry? -- Robert Harley
Alcoholic, n.: A person you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
Alden's Law: Always be backlit.
Alden's Law: Giving away baby clothes and furniture is the major cause of pregnancy.
Alden's Law: Sit down whenever possible.
Aleph sub alpha is the alpha'th aleph.
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, Aleph-null bottles of beer, You take one down, and pass it around, Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
Alex Descends into Hell for a Bottle of Milk. -- U2 B-side title
Alex Haley was adopted.
Alex, I'll take "Annoying Software" for $200. -- Chris Hanson
ALEXANDER BELL'S THEOREM: When a body is immersed in water, the phone rings.
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing -- and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even.
Algebraical symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
Algorithm is a set of instructions. E.g. How to use the telephone: If 'phone not working' then 'phone operator.'
Algorithm may sound like liquored-up Vice President bustin' a move, but it's not. -- Top 5
Alia jacta est. The die is cast. -- Julius Caesar after crossing the Rubicon
Alice soon came to the conclusion that this was a very difficult game indeed. -- Lewis Carroll
Alienation can be fun.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them keeps paying for it. -- Peggy Joyce
Alimony is paying for something you don't get.
Alimony is the high cost of leaving.
Alimony, n.: Disinterest, compounded annually. -- Walter McDonald (Dictionary of Quotable Definitions)
Alimony, n.: The bounty after the mutiny. -- Max Kauffmann (Penguin Dictionary of Humorous Quotations)
Alimony, n.: The high cost of leaving.
All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is informing, stimulating and ennobling. -- H.L. Mencken
All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.
All a man needs to be elected President is the kind of profile that looks good on a postage stamp. -- B.B. Franklin
All a writer has to do to get a woman is to say he's a writer. It's an aphrodisiac. -- Saul Bellow
All animals are created equal, but some are more equal than others. -- George Orwell
All animals love him, for among the beasts he is the most affectionate... his mere presence quickens in the dim awareness of their own highest nature and divine creation.
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it. -- Samuel Butler
All anime have one required stupid annoying character. For those that don't, C-Ko more than makes up. -- Chris "Mav" Holly
All applicants from outside the English speaking world must possess a fluent command of English before admission. Cambridge accepts that the United States of America is a part of the English speaking world, but only just. -- Cambridge University web site
All are but part of one stupendous whole, whose body nature is, and God the soul... -- Alexander Pope
All around the world... It's the same song. -- Digital Underground
All art is but imitation of nature.
All art is quite useless.
All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
All babies speak Klingonese
All bleeding eventually stops. -- Hayden Meeker
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others. -- Alan Truscott
All carry on luggage had to fit in the ass of the person sitting in front of me. Well, I lost my luggage, but I gained a friend and confidant for life. -- Dennis Miller
All change is not necessarily progress.
All children break things. All children are forgiven. It's a gift from God. -- Flirting with Disaster
All computers wait at the same speed.
All diagnostics are fatal.
All discord, harmony not understood; all partial evil, universal good. -- Alexander Pope
All dreams are not equal, some exit to nightmare, most end with the dreamer.
All extremists should be taken out and shot.
All fashionable vices pass for virtues. -- Moliere
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing without thinking.
All flames will be absorbed like photons falling in a black hole.
All flesh is grass. -- Isiah (Smoke a friend today.)
All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin. And therefore as a free man, I take pride in the words, Ich bin ein Berlinner. -- John F. Kennedy
All Galaxy Class Starships are equipped with their own dramatic lighting system. -- Dan Fahs
All games are built on prophecy. -- Marian Helsby
All generalizations are false.
All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened. -- Ernest Hemingway
All good work is done in defiance of management. -- Bob Woodward
All government is theft, some just steal less.
All great discoveries are made by accident.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All great truths begin as blasphemies. -- G.B. Shaw
All grown up and no place to go. Psych 1, Psych 2 - what do you know? -- Billy Joel
All history is but a romance, unless it is studied as an example. -- George Croly (1780-1860)
All hope abandon, ye who enjoy tax forms.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here.
All hope abandon, ye who enter messages here.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. -- Universal Declaration of Human Rights (1948, Article 1)
All human error is impatience, a premature renunciation of method, a delusive pinning down of a delusion. -- Franz Kafka
All I am saying is, let's try to stretch that fashion dollar. -- Michael Keaton (Dream Team)
All I ask for is a tall ship, and a Star to steer her by.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I can say is, no good deed goes unpunished. -- Grimm X. Pecktations (in excerpts from a TV debate on high-performance computing in 1994 and the outlook for 1995)
All I could think was wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful, and yet again... wonderful. -- LA Story
All I have to say about religion is that if it doesn't make it easier to find disease-free virgins, then it isn't worth the two-hundred brain cells required to practice it.
All I know is, on the day your plane was to leave... I would change the polarity of the earth so you're plane wouldn't take off. -- LA Story
All I need is some feathers, a dress, some oil, an easel, some sleeping dram, lots of paper, a prostitute, and the best portrait painter in England. -- Blackadder II
All I need to know I learned from my cat.
All I really wanted was for Mac to put the damn dog out, I swear. -- Lady Macbeth
All I wanna do is have a little fun before I die... All I wanna do is have some fun. I've got the feeling I'm not the only one. -- Sheryl Crow
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get!
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
All I want is food and creative love. -- Rusted Root
All I want to do is graduate from high school, go to Europe, marry Christian Slater, and die. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
All I want, to be able to do what I want to do, whenever I want to do it, with whomever I want to do it with and be able to afford it! I can!... While money isn't an end itself, it gives one the freedom from most other things. -- Dave Naas
All I'm after is a good time. All the rest is propaganda. -- Alec Guinness
all i've got is my art, and i'm a cranky little fucker. -- Vince Farquharson
All in all it's just another brick in the wall...
All in all you're just another brick in the wall. -- Pink Floyd
All in all, things where easier to fix when the people running the network were the ones with the nukes. -- Tim Showalter
All intellectual improvement arises from leisure. -- Samuel Johnson
All is fear in love and war.
All is well that ends well. -- John Heywood
All landscapes are imaginary.
All laws are basically false.
All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other. -- HP Lovecraft (The Silver Key)
All life's answers are on TV. -- Bart Simpson
All looks yellow to a jaundiced eye. -- Alexander Pope (1688-1744)
All looks yellow to jaundiced eye.
All machines are amplifiers.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
All marriages are happy - it's the living together afterward that causes all the problems.
All men are afraid of eyelash curlers. I sleep with one under my pillow, instead of a gun. -- Rita Rudner
All men are created evil. Some are just more evil than others. -- Adam Rixey
All men are equally insane, those of us outside of the asylums just hide it a little better. -- Stephen King
All men are idiots, and I married their King.
All men are inherently good. Women I'm not sure about. -- John Dobbin
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore all men are Socrates. -- Woody Allen
All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dream with open eyes, to make it possible. -- T. E. Lawrence
All men hate to hear "We need to talk about our relationship." These seven words strike fear in the heart of even General Schwartzkopf. -- Rita Rudner
All men know the utility of useful things, but not know the utility of futility
All men live in abject fear of beautiful women. All women are beautiful. Therefore, all men are cowards. -- Megan Coughlin
All men look nerdy in black socks and sandals. -- Rita Rudner
All men think that they're nice guys. Some of them are not. Contact me for a list of names. -- Rita Rudner
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education. -- Sir Walter Scott
All men would still really like to own a train set. -- Rita Rudner
All modern American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain called Huckleberry Finn. -- Ernest Hemingway
All murderers have a human form. You have a human form. Therefore, you are a murderer.
All music is folk music. I ain't heard no horse sing a song. -- Louis Armstrong
All my exes live in Texas. -- George Strait
All my finances were on the computer screen, but it got all screwed up when the dog peed on the socket and blew the fuse. -- Men's Health (Excuse for missing a bill payment)
All my friends and I are crazy. That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
All my life I wanted to be someone. I guess I should have been more specific. -- Jane Wagner
All my life I've worked for other people who made bad decisions. It was time for me to make some of the bad decisions. -- Robert X. Cringely
All my life, I've been wanting to talk, really talk, but no one wants to listen. You know what that's like? -- Jerry Maguire
All my stars play their guitars loud Loud LOUD! -- Replacements
All my troubles seem so far away.
All nature is but art, unknown to thee; all chance, direction , which thou canst not see. -- Alexander Pope
All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.
All Objects are Macroscopic, Invisible, Non-Physical, or otherwise Non-Heisenbergish.
All of life's riddles are answered in the movies. -- Grand Canyon
All of Microsoft's products are programmed with good intentions, that's why nine out of ten computer users say they would choose to buy our products even if they had a choice. -- Stale
All of reality is just a blur of Republicans and meat. -- Zippy the Pinhead
All of the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in a single large American city in a single year. Not all bits have equal value. -- Carl Sagan
All of the world's current population fits in the state of Texas. Yup, all 6 billion people. And each gets about 500 square feet (50 square meters approximately) as his/her own chunk. -- Alex Wieder (tcs@tao.agoron.com)
All of these free condoms are really burning a hole in my pocket. -- Chris Caldwell
All of this has led me to two conclusions. 1. When I'm thirsty, I gotta trust my gut, and 2. I watch too much TV. -- Sprite
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
All of us get lost in the darkness; dreamers learn to steer by the stars... -- Rush
All of us learn to write in the second grade. Most of us go on to greater things. -- Bobby Knight
All other things being equal, fat people use more soap.
All our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike... and yet it is the most precious thing we have. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
All over the world! Ooo! -- MST3K
All pain disappears. It's the nature of my circuitry. Drowns out all I hear. No Escape from this. My new conciousness. -- Nine Inch Nails
All people walk through life, some always looking back, others always looking forward. I always look upward. -- Sly
All phone calls are obscene. -- Karen Elizabeth Gordon
All photography is accurate - none of it is truth. -- Richard Avedon
All power corrupts, but we NEED electricity. -- D.W. Jones
All programers are optimists.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All programmers want arrays
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income. -- Samuel Butler
All religions are hypocritical. If you think yours isn't, look again.
All requests for sick leave must be approved two weeks in advance.
All right, new policy: Whenever I get spam email, I reply not only to the listed reply address and postmaster@site, but also andrew@site. Because there's usually an "andrew" somewhere. And they probably deserve it. -- Andrew Plotkin
All right, set phasers to deep fat fry
All right, this is the plan. We'll get in there and get wrecked. Then we'll eat a pork pie. Then we'll go home and drop a couple of Surmontil 50's each. That means we'll miss out on Monday, but come up smiling on Tuesday morning.... Nothing ever happens on Mondays. I hate bastard Mondays. -- Bruce Robinson (Withnail, Withnail and I)
All right, who's been cooking hot dogs in the Warp Drive?
All rumors are true. Especially if your boss denies them. -- Dilbert
All science is either physics or stamp collecting. -- Ernest Rutherford
All scientific discoveries are first recorded on napkins or tablecloths. Keep supplies of them handy at all times.
All serious daring starts from within. -- Eudora Welty
All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands. -- Saint Patrick
All software sucks. ALL software sucks. -- Jon Slenk
All standard disclaimers apply: ie, keep your lousy tort feasors to yourself.
All stressed out, and no one to choke.
All sunshine makes a desert. -- Arabian proverb
All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.
All technology should be assumed guilty until proven innocent. -- David Brower
All television is children's television. -- Richard P. Adler
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
All that glitters isn't gold. All that doesn't glitter isn't either.
All that I need to be, I am.
All that is gold does not glitter.
All that was meant to bore you shitless. -- I. Goulden
All that we are is the result of what we have thought; it is founded on our thoughts, it is made up of our thoughts. If a man speaks or acts with a pure thought, happiness follows him, like a shadow that never leaves him. -- Buddha
All that's sacred comes from youth. -- Pearl Jam
All the best people have chest problems and bone diseases. It's all so terribly romantic!
All the clocks in Pulp Fiction are set to 4:20. -- Baked Potatoes
All the cool things in life can be described with either yes! or heh. -- Bruce Sherrod
All the easy problems have been solved.
All the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs. -- David E. Lundstrom (A Few Good Men From Univac)
All the good ones are taken. The act of being taken makes them good. -- Adam Rifkin
All the lemmings are coming home to roost. -- David Farber
All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong? -- the Beatles
All the loose nuts in America end up in Los Angeles because of the continental tilt. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
ALL THE LOVE IN THE WORLD AIN'T WORTH SHIT WITH MY FIST COMING FOR YOU. -- Jarett Kobek
All the money, background, prestige... none of it compares with hard work and clean living. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
All the other nations are drinking Ray Charles beer, and we are drinking Barry Manilow. -- Dave Barry
All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest British manufacture -- Bumper sticker
All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest British manufacture.
All the perfume of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand. -- William Shakespeare (Macbeth V i)
All the physics you have learned so far is massless, frictionless, and pointless. -- Dr. Chyu
All the promises we made from the cradle to the grave, when all I want is you. -- U2
All the surrealist stuff with naked women, with a few exceptions, gets me really angry. So much of it is obviously, 'Let us look at naked ladies while pretending to shock you by exposing your mind to the naked breast!' -- Jarett Kobek
All the tactics, you must learn as an adolescent, you must retain: the carefull planning over what to wear, who your friends are, where to "hang out", who to date, the general social subterfuge... these things translate into future career environments as well. -- Tara Morrison
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by the government in less than a second. -- Jim Fiebig
All the things I really like to do are immoral, illegal, or fattening. -- Alexander Woollcott
All the trouble in the world is due to the fact that man cannot sit still in a room. -- Blaise Pascal
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All the words of love surround her. -- Billy Joel
All the world is wild at heart and weird on top. -- David Lynch
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. -- Sean O'Casey
All the world's a stage and the people on it are poorly rehearsed.
All the world's an analog stage, and digital circuits play only bit parts.
All the world's indeed a stage, and we are merely players, performers and portrayers. Each another's audience outside the gilded cage. -- Rush
All the years combine, and melt into a dream.
All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists know it. -- Richard P. Feynman
All these people, and doubtless many more, were at some time during a long night castigated, vilified, embarrassed or, worst, bored, for which he most humbly and respectfully apologizes. -- Howard Potter
all these post-punk kids with their pale white skin and their black clothing... and their friggin' moist music... -- Space Ghost
All these years of thinking, ended up like this, in front of all this beauty, understanding nothing. -- Bruce Cockburn
All things are green unless they are not.
All things are only transitory. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
All things are possible except skiing through a revolving door.
All things are possible except skiing thru a revolving door.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
All things are possible, except skiing through a revolving door.
All things are to be examined and called into question. There are no limits set to thought. -- Edith Hamilton (The Greek Way)
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
All things can be reduced to a boolean expression.
All this freaking bicycling is making my perineum sore. -- Adam Rifkin
All this from a species which still gets excited about digital watches. -- Douglas Adams
All this from the man that brought you... beer milk shakes!
All this proves is that anyone setting themselves up as a kind of digital moral compass quickly finds themselves plunged into a kind of virtual Bermuda Triangle, where vertigo reigns and you hope to hell you pop out the other side still on course. Technology is never a substitute for conscience. -- Declan McCullagh
All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money, it's for fun. Money's just the way we keep score.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
All those vodka tonics make it *mighty* damn difficult to focus on the speedometer. -- Top 5
All those who are not racially pure are mere chaff. -- Adolf Hitler
All together now: "I love GNU finger" . . . -- Rajit Manohar
All trends towards Chaos.
All true beauty is analytic. -- Edgar Allen Poe
All true wisdom is found in taglines.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All truly wise thoughts have been thought already thousands of times; but to make them truly ours, we must think them over again honestly, till they take root in our personal experience. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
All utterances of Joshua(tm) are guaranteed to contain Joshuaisms(R), of which the phrase "punk" is one of. "Feel free at any time to bite me" is another Joshuaism(R), and you should, infact, feel free to bite me at any time. -- Joshua Schachter
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
All wars are ironic because all wars are worse than expected.
All we are saying, is give pizza chants.
All we are, basically, are monkeys with car keys. -- Grandma Woody (Northern Exposure)
All we need is a little creativity, enthusiasm, and diplomatic immunity. -- Martin Frankel
All we wish is to be left alone. -- Jefferson Davis
All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth. -- Aristotle
All wish to possess knowledge, but few, comparatively, are willing to pay the price. -- Juvenal (Roman satirical poet)
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his. -- Oscar Wilde (The Importance of Being Earnest)
All work and no play makes Bart a dull boy. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
All work and no play, will make you a manager.
All wrong-doing is done in the sincere belief that it is the best thing to do at that time. -- Arnold Bennett
All you do is eat and couch and fondle the remote control. -- Reality Bites
All you do is sponge. -- Reality Bites
All you have to do is make a pile of money, and everyone will think you're a genius. -- Mitch Kapor
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. -- Mark Twain
All you need to be a fisherman is patience and bait.
All you need to grow healthy vigorous grass is a crack inyour sidewalk.
All's fear in love and war.
All's well that ends.
Allah gives dried beans to eat to him who has no teeth left.
Allah may love a poor man, but not a dirty one.
Allen's Distinction: The lion and the calf shall lie down together, but the calf won't get much sleep.
Alliance, n.: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Allow me the honor of portraying for you a miniaturized representation of a member of the family Ursidae of the order Carnivora.
Allow me to begin. Imagine the mezzanine level between Squalor and Gutter, join me, if you will, in the gentle transition between the Eighth and Ninth Circle of Hell. Milkman Dan has been invited several times, but has declined on the pretext of "early morning roadkill cookoffs". Only the hopeless, the deranged, and the existential need apply. Thank you. No chips are needed here, he's already got a floor. -- Ridgely Schantz
Allow me to sound like Adam for a minute while I apologize for being so quiet lately. -- John Dobbin
Allowing for seasonal adjustments, things are actually getting better.
Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
Almost everything you need to know about any subject is in the encyclopedia.
Alone, adj.: In bad company. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Along, the same lines, I've proved P = NP, but I don't want to tell anyone yet. -- Sam Greenfield
ALPO is 99 cents a can. That's over SEVEN dog dollars!! -- Jim Kimble
alright now, i have been hearing murmurs of doing something tonight that combines a) drinking and b) drinking. jeef and ilen have both mentioned something about a getogether tonight, and i must say that i am not opposed. in fact, i would be willing to devote considerable resources (i may even stand up) to make this happen. but i cannot act alone. in the immortal words of the not-so-immortal benjamin franklin: "we must drink together, or surely we shall all drink seperately and probably pass out and drown in pools of our own vomit". he was a true patriot. -- Chris Heiser
Alright, dammit. What song is this from? I mean - I know it's a Depeche Mode tune, but who covered it most recently?. Oooooo! Nevermind! It's that Trent Reznor guy from Nine Foot Roailroad Ties or something, isn't it? -- Mike "Moose" Wallace
Alright, you got yourself a bet, Mr. Rose!! -- Top 5
Also in the news: Our generation is the first ever to have sex or to die. We're special, so as a generation we must respectfully request that you bite us. And give us $20 to go to the movies. -- Greg Plesur
Also note that, as with most bleeding edge technologies with very high up front infrastructure costs, the Iridium sales plan calls for selling to the highly lucrative "high strung sales executive" market rather than the highly unprofitable "wanker graduate student" market. -- Faisal Jawdat
Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration. -- William Safire
Also, C++ is intended to be all "type safe" and crap like that, trying to be all pristine and nice and well-defined and all set up to protect everyone from themselves, and what language do they choose as a stable foundation for this language? C! The biggest free-for-all "I'll just pass a pointer to your mother around and fake everybody out" language on the planet. It's like giving an AK-47 to a monk, shooting him full of crack and letting him loose in a mall and expecting him to balance your checking account "when he has the time." -- Drew Olbrich
Also, do you think the person searching for "Aural" really means that, or will they be disappointed to get stereo information? -- Megan Coughlin
Also, I'm pretty sure the guy who was accepting foreign language film did not accidentally call his country "Bell Jam." -- Megan Coughlin
Also, if you, leverage you're primary strengths and put your's and other's goals in a mission statement, and meet too discuss there ideas, your more, likely to meet you're careabout, to. -- Sam Kass
Also, the isa/hasa design flaw shows up in the design of Knapsack. -- Rohit Khare
Also. I want to see this shit become real during my lifetime. Fuck what's economically wise, I'm all about what's going to accelerate the pace. Never mind fancy propulsion systems, we all know what rockets really burn: money. The more you burn, the faster they go. -- Aleecia McDonald
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica has soft core, medium core, hard core, over easy core and sunny side up core. -- Robert Harley
alt.discordia is, as far as I can tell, just an excuse for people to be esoteric in their choice of nonsequiturs. Can you prove otherwise? -- Adam Rifkin
alt.gothic: A bunch of well-dressed geeks, going to hell. -- Graham Dunn
alt.nuke.the.USA nerits being checked out. AC/DC ROCKS!!! -- Robert Harley (who sez it's kinda lame)
alt.vampyres has the worst signal to noise ratio on the net, but the noise is *so* amusing. -- Sean "Shin" Simmons
Although botanically speaking a fruit, in 1893 the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled that tomatoes are a vegetable (and thus taxable under the Tariff Act of 1883) because of the way they are usually served. -- Smithsonian (8/90)
Although it's nice to be important, it's important to be nice. -- Bud Light
although many people do enjoy going to eat'n park before, after, and i daresay during sex, it is possible to enjoy eat'n park even when no sex is involved. -- Geoff Spear
Although the Buddhists will tell you that desire is the root of suffering, my personal experience leads me to point the finger at system administration. -- Philip Greenspun
Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
Although this sentence begins with the word because, it is false. -- Douglas R Hofstadter
Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties of the professional gamekeeper. Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's 'Practical Gamekeeping.' -- Ed Zern (Field and Stream, Nov. 1959)
Altoids used to clear my sinuses, so I bought a box and ate 15 of them or so, all at once. Result: the usual pain everywhere but in my sinuses. I take this as a bad sign. I imagine my sinuses are basically "filled to the Rim with Brim" except it's not Brim it's like solid snot.
Always avoid and eschew pleonastic redundancy.
Always avoid meetings with time-wasting morons. -- Scott Adams
Always be ready to give an answer for the faith that is within you. -- The Book
Always be sincere, even when you don't mean it. -- Irene Peter
Always be suspicious of an associate who never finds fault with you.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be violent psychopath who knows where you live. -- John F. Woods
Always cut the cards.
Always do right. This will gratify some and astonish the rest. -- Mark Twain (1835-1910)
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Always do what you say you are going to do. It is the glue and fiber that binds successful relationships. -- Jeffry A. Timmons (The Entrepreneurial Mind)
Always draw your curves first, then plot your data. -- Finagle (Third Rule)
Always draw your curves, then plot the data.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much.
Always glad to share my ignorance. I've got plenty.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Always keep a record of data - it indicates you've been working. -- Finagle (Second Rule)
Always leave clothes and weapons where you can find them in the dark.
Always look on the bright side. If there isn't one, check the light bulb, it is probably burned out.
Always pick on the correct idiom.
Always presume ignorance before malice. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Always proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Always put the important before the merely urgent.
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.
Always remember there are certain people who will set their watches by your clock.
Always remember to pillage BEFORE you burn.
Always remember you're unique - just like everybody else.
Always remember, Dogbert is just a small white naked version of Rohit. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Always remember, that someone, somewhere, is making a product that will make your product obselete. -- Georges Doriot (founder of American R & D)
Always store beer in a dark place.
Always take credit for miracles. If you dropped the alarm clock while taking it apart, and it suddenly starts working, you have healed it.
Always talk to your wife while you're making love... if there's a phone handy.
Always tell a woman she's beautiful, especially if she isn't.
Always tell her she's pretty, especially when she isn't.
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
Always thought it was okay to screw a taxpayer. -- David Letterman
Always try to do things in chronological order; they're less confusing to do that way.
Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
Always use tasteful words. You may have to eat them.
Always yield to temptation, for it may not pass your way again.
Alzheimers advantage: New friends every day.
Am I a CLOWN?! Do I AMUSE YOU?! -- GoodFellas
Am I alive, or thoughts I drift away? Does summer come for everyone? Can humans do what prophets say? And if I die before I learn to speak, can money pay for all the days I lived awake, but half asleep? -- Primitive Radio Gods
Am I alone in the Universe? Judging by the screaming coming from next door, I'd have to say no. -- Chris Gahan
Am I going on a bit here? I don't care. -- Mr Cranky
Am I going to have to come by and personally dust sodium on your toilet paper? -- Rohit Khare
Am I going to have to come by and personally slip leeches in your snapple bottles? -- Rohit Khare
Am I in trouble or something? Because if I am, I didn't do it. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? -- Abraham Lincoln
Am I right? Am I wrong? My God, what have I done? -- Talking Heads
Am I the only one who thinks MC Hammer and Rammstein should play at Hammerstein? -- Andrew Williams
AMAZING BUT TRUE ... If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
AMAZING BUT TRUE ... There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
amazon.com <lt;--- sign over paychecks. thank you, have a nice day. -bezos -- Vijay Gill
Ambidextrous, adj.: Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Ambiguity is the preserve of the nimble minded, yet frozen lipped.
Ambiguous headline: 2 SISTERS REUNITED AFTER 18 YEARS IN CHECKOUT COUNTER
Ambiguous headline: ASTRONAUT TAKES BLAME FOR GAS IN SPACE
Ambiguous headline: BANK DRIVE-IN WINDOW BLOCKED BY BOARD
Ambiguous headline: CLOCK THIEF FACES TIME
Ambiguous headline: COMPLAINTS ABOUT NBA REFEREES GROWING UGLY
Ambiguous headline: DEAF MUTE GETS NEW HEARING IN KILLING
Ambiguous headline: DRUNK DRIVERS PAID $1,000 IN 1984
Ambiguous headline: DRUNK GETS NINE MONTHS IN VIOLIN CASE
Ambiguous headline: ENRAGED COW INJURES FARMER WITH AX
Ambiguous headline: EYE DROPS OFF SHELF
Ambiguous headline: FARMER BILL DIES IN HOUSE
Ambiguous headline: GRANDMOTHER OF EIGHT MAKES HOLE IN ONE
Ambiguous headline: GREEKS FINE HOOKERS
Ambiguous headline: HOSPITALS ARE SUED BY 7 FOOT DOCTORS
Ambiguous headline: HOUSE PASSES GAS TAX ONTO SENATE
Ambiguous headline: INCLUDE YOUR CHILDREN WHEN BAKING COOKIES
Ambiguous headline: IRAQI HEAD SEEKS ARMS
Ambiguous headline: IS THERE A RING OF DEBRIS AROUND URANUS?
Ambiguous headline: JUVENILE COURT TO TRY SHOOTING DEFENDANT
Ambiguous headline: KIDS MAKE NUTRITIOUS SNACK
Ambiguous headline: KILLER SENTENCED TO DIE FOR SECOND TIME IN 10 YEARS
Ambiguous headline: LANSING RESIDENTS CAN DROP OFF TREES
Ambiguous headline: LIE DETECTOR TEST UNRELIABLE, UNCONSTITUTIONAL HEARING TOLD
Ambiguous headline: LOCAL HIGH SCHOOL DROP OUT CUT IN HALF
Ambiguous headline: MAN MINUS EAR WAVES HEARING
Ambiguous headline: MAN STRUCK BY LIGHTNING FACES BATTERY CHARGE
Ambiguous headline: MILK DRINKERS ARE TURNING TO POWDER
Ambiguous headline: MINERS REFUSE TO WORK AFTER DEATH
Ambiguous headline: NEVER WITHHOLD HERPES FROM LOVED ONE
Ambiguous headline: NEW STUDY FOR OBESITY LOOKS FOR LARGER TEST GROUP
Ambiguous headline: NEW VACCINE MAY CONTAIN RABBIES
Ambiguous headline: NJ JUDGE TO RULE ON NUDE BEACH
Ambiguous headline: PANDA MATING FAILS - VETERINARIAN TAKES OVER
Ambiguous headline: PLO INVITED TO RAID DEBATES
Ambiguous headline: POLICE BEGIN CAMPAIGN TO RUN DOWN JAYWALKERS
Ambiguous headline: PROSECUTOR RELEASES PROBE INTO UNDERSHERIFF
Ambiguous headline: PROSTITUTES APPEAL TO POPE
Ambiguous headline: SAFETY EXPERTS SAY SCHOOL BUS PASSENGERS SHOULD BE BELTED
Ambiguous headline: SEE THE MAN EATING SHARK!
Ambiguous headline: SEX EDUCATION DELAYED; TEACHERS REQUEST TRAINING
Ambiguous headline: SQUAD HELPS DOG BITE VICTIM
Ambiguous headline: STOLEN PAINTING FOUND BY TREE
Ambiguous headline: SURVIVOR OF SIAMESE TWINS JOINS PARENTS
Ambiguous headline: TEACHER STRIKES IDLE KIDS
Ambiguous headline: TWO CONVICTS EVADE NOOSE, JURY HUNG
Ambiguous headline: TWO SISTERS REUNITE AFTER EIGHTEEN YEARS AT CHECKOUT COUNTER
Ambiguous headline: TWO SOVIET SHIPS COLLIDE, ONE DIES
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy. -- Charlie McCarthy
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having the good sense to be lazy.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
Ambition, n: An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while living and made ridiculous by friends when dead. -- Ambrose Bierce
AMC? Bogus corn. Totally stale, and like the ushers are the acne patrol. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
AMD is running the Athlon's from Dresden at around 1.1GHz. These chips are manufactured using the .18 micron process and use copper interconnects (in much the same way that the Coppermine from Intel doesn't). -- ArsTechnica
AMDAC? asked the disgruntled FE.
America has the attention span of a ferret on double espresso. -- Dennis Miller
America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair. -- Arnold Toynbee
America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence whithout civilization in between. -- Oscar Wilde
America is the only nation in history which miraculously has gone directly from barbarism to degeneration without the usual interval of civilization. -- Georges Clemenceau
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization. -- John O'Hara
America Online customers are upset because the company has decided to allowadvertising in its chat rooms. I can see why: you got computer sex, you can download pornography, people are making dates with 10 year-olds. Hey, what's this? A Pepsi ad? They're ruining the integrity of the Internet! -- Jay Leno
America the land of the Chrysler 440 cubic inch engine
America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until people got tired of living in a place called Vespuccia and changed its name to America. -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
America will never be invaded. Our juvenile delinquents are too well armed.
America's a melting pot. The people at the bottom get burned and the scum rise to the top...
America's best buy for a nickel is a telephone call to the right man.
America's Madonna/whore complex about the computer and the television. Televisions are creates that exist solely for fun, bought and sold on the basis of their looks and their ability to entertain. If they're smart, fine, but their first duty is to amuse us. Computers, OTOH, are [for the most part] serious machines for serious purposes, and we are loath to view them as playthings. -- J.C. Herz
American culture disneyland freakshow screen in your living room, a window for your tomb. If you can't compare to the world sitting there, repress your insecurities: watch and escape. Give me artificial, give me superficial, give me a commercial life that can't be bought. -- Operation Ivy
Americans can be quite tyrannical in the defense of democracy. -- John Irving (A Prayer for Owen Meany)
Americans take much more kindly to a president with blood on his hands than we do to one with other bodily fluids on a dress.
Amicus puriae. Platonic friend.
Amid a multitude of projects, no plan is devised. -- Syrus
Amnesia is not knowing who one is and wanting desperately to find out. Euphoria is not knowing who one is and not caring. Ecstasy is knowing exactly who one is... and still not caring. -- Tom Robbins
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I gorgot it.
Amo, amas, I love a lass, as a cedar tall and slender; sweet cowslip's grace is her nominative case, and she's of the feminine gender! -- John O'Keefe ((1747-1833) in Agreeable Surprise, act II, sc 2.)
Among animals, it's eat or be eaten. Among people, it's define or be defined.
Among economists, the real world is often a special case. -
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
Among the outlaw spellings that canyon residents have awakened to see were HOLLYWEED, PEROTWOOD, CALTECH and GO NAVY. -- LA Times
Amsterdam is Out. Iceland is In.
Amusement is the happiness of those who cannot think.
An 11 is a 10 who doesn't get headaches.
An ``acceptable level of unemployment'' simply means that the government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.
An abstract term is like a valise with a false bottom, you may put in it what ideas you please, and take them out again, without being observed.
An act of folly can be successful only if it is planned twice as wisely as an act of wisdom.
An adolescent is a youth old enough to dress himself... if he could just remember where he dropped his clothes.
An adult is a deteriorated child.
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered. -- G. K. Chesterton
An advertisement in the NY Times: Stop Illiteracy Now. Learn How To Read.
An Age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it. -- Michener (Space)
An aide once asked Mohandas K. Gandhi how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week. The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
An airplane is the only place where you can't walk out on a dull movie.
An American is a person who isn't afraid to criticize the President but is always polite to traffic cops.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the President but is always polite to traffic cops.
An Americanized Asian is disoriented.
An amphibian is a land animal who is almost impossible to drown.
An angry Dogbert denied that his ego was so big he started a tabloid devoted entirely to himself. -- Scott Adams
An anlogism is a word that isn't a word. Is anlogism an anlogism?
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or one-and-a-half truths. -- Karl Kraus
An appeal is when you ask one court to show its contempt for another court. -- Finley Peter Dunne
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last. -- Winston Churchill
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but an onion a day keeps everyone away.
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An archaeologist is a man whose career lies in ruins.
An archeologist is a man whose career lies in ruins.
An artist cannot speak about art, any more than a plant can discuss horticulture. -- Jean Cocteau
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
An artist should be fit for the best society and kept out of it.
An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.
An atom blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
An attitude of gratitude is a never-ending prayer.
An Australian lover is like a wombat. He eats roots, shoots, and leaves.
An author ought to write for the youth of his own generation, the critics of the next, and the schoolmaster of ever afterwards. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
An authority is someone who can tell you more about something than you care to know.
An earthquake hit the Seattle Kingdome during a ballgame last week. Final score: Cleveland 6, Seattle 3, God 5.3.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth.
An echo speaks every language.
An economist is a person who talks about something he doesn't understand, and makes you believe that you're ignorant.
An economist is one who knows 200 ways to make love but doesn't know any women. -- Nick Kessler
An economist's guess is liable to be just as good as anybody else's. -- Will Rogers
An editor should have a pimp for a brother, so he'd have someone to look up to. -- Gene Fowler
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An efficient organization is one in which the accounting department knows the exact cost of every useless administrative procedure which they themselves have initiated. -- E.W.R. Steacie
An egg cannot break a stone.
An egotist thinks he's in the groove when he's in a rut.
An eigenvalue is a unique scalar which when it multiplies an eigenvector, produces a resultant vector equivalent to the operator of the eigen-equation applied to the same eigenvector. But you already knew that. -- Ron Resnick
An election year is when a lot of politicians get free speech mixed up with cheap talk.
An elephant is a mouse drawn to government specifications.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An emergency situation is just an emergency. EVERYTHING is a situation.
An empty desk is an efficient desk! -- Brazil
An engineer is a person who passes as an exciting technical expert on the basis of being able to turn out with prolific fortitude, infinite strings of incomprehensive estimates calculated with microscopic precision from vague assumptions and debatable figures taken from inconclusive data obtained with recording devices of problematical accuracy by uninformed persons of doubtful reliability and questionable mentality.
An engineer is someone who does list processing in fortran.
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose. -- A. P. Herbert
An enlightened state is one where the borderlines between the self and the rest of the universe are dissolved. This would truly be the end of dualism, for as he says, there is no system left which has any desire for perception. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
An entire city block populated by morons that are so blessed with whatever it is that God uses to punish the weaker branches of the tree of life that any sort of advanced technology stops working here. This helps explain why we use Microsoft operating systems run on Intel motherboards. -- Lex Gibson
An envious man is a squinty-eyed fool. --H.G. Bohn
An epileptic in a lettuce patch is a seizure salad.
An erection at will is the moral equivalent of a valid credit card. -- Dr. Alex Comfort
An erection is a mysterious thing. There's always that fear, each time one goes, that you won't be seeing it again. -- Kirk Douglas
An eternity with Beelzebub will be a picnic compared to five minutes with me and this pencil. -- Blackadder III
An evil deed is not redeemed by an evil deed of retaliation. Justice is never advanced in the tacking of a human life. Morality is never upheld by a legalized murder. -- Corretta Scott King
An excellent name for a band would be: The Bones of Contention. -- Dave Barry
An executive is a man who can make quick decisions that are right sometimes.
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made in a very narrow field. -- Neils Bohr
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less, until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less.
An expert is someone from out of town.
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject and how to avoid them. -- Werner Heisenberg
An extraordinary pilot uses his or her extraordinary judgement to avoid having to use his or her extraordinary skills.
An eye for an eye makes the world blind. -- Gandhi
An honest God is the noblest work of man.
An honest man is someone who hasn't had a good enough offer. -- Misguided debutante in Pharlap
An honest man is the noblest work of God.
An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
An ideal wife is one who remains faithful to you but tries to be just as charming as if she weren't. -- Sacha Guitry
An idealist believes the short run doesn't count. A cynic believes the long run doesn't matter. A realist believes that what is done or left undone in the short run determines the long run. -- Sydney J. Harris
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An important scientific innovation rarely makes its way by gradually winning over and converting its opponents; it rarely happens that Saul becomes Paul. What does happen is that its opponents gradually die out and that the growing generation is familiarized with the idea from the beginning. -- Max Planck
An individual has to find what electrifies and enlivens his own heart, and wakes him. -- Joseph Campbell (The Hero's Journey)
An inefficient, excessive amount of speed accelerates the possibility of creating loss.
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured. -- Konrad Adenauer
An infinte number of rednecks, in an infinite number of pickup trucks, firing an infinite number of shotguns at an infinte number of road signs, will produce all the great works of litareture - in braille. -- Stephen Webb
An ingrate bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion.
An injury is much sooner forgiven than an insult. -- Earl of Chesterfield
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. -- Camus
An intelligence test often shows how smart one would have been not to take it.
An interface is not a rave. -- taylor@wired.com
An interviewer asked Victor Borge if he played any other musical instruments. "Well, yes, I have another piano."
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come. -- Victor Hugo
An Irishman is not drunk so long as he can hold on to one blade of grass and not fall off the earth.
An IRS audit is like an autopsy without the benefit of dying.
An O.S. that prints PANIC and dies isn't so great. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
An object in motion tends to stay in motion, until it needs gas or a taco or something. -- Porsche Carrera S Advertisement
An object model and technology that a) runs over HTTP, b) allows methods to be written in multiple programming and scripting languages, c) storage of the state and behavior independently at different places around the net, d) dyanmic switching, declaration, polymorphism, inheritance, e) decentralized tracking, control, versioning, composition, f) lightweight and componentized, g) fail-safe, h) fast, i) embedded, built-in networking, j) embedded built-in access control, k) reflexive, i.e. has the means to reason about itself and adapt, including distributed annotation and rationale, including adaptive interaces i) mobile, l) better than having sex in the backseat of an Abrahm's Battle tank, i.e. better than f-ing with than CORBA. -- Greg Bolcer
An object or bit of information most needed, will be least available.
An old expression suggests that when you only have a hammer, everything looks like a nail. Excel, of course, is not a hammer. It is a Swiss Army knife. Unfortunately, all the blades except one are broken. -- Bruce Tognazini
An old spinster was asked what she liked most in men. "Appearance," she replied, "and the sooner, the better."
An OO language without GC is like surgery with a spork. I may be falling off the deep-end into fanaticism, but hey, I'm used to that. -- Robert Rodgers
An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt. -- a saying at RPI
An optimist is a guy who has never had much experience. -- Don Marquis
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red stoplight. The truly wise person is colorblind. -- Albert Schwietzer
An optimist is someone that thinks the future is uncertain.
An optimist laughs to forget, a pessimist forgets to laugh.
An optimist see opportunity in every calamity. A pessimist sees calamity is every opportunity.
An optimist thinks we live in the best possible world. A pessimist fears this is true.
An Oregon man protested his state's lack of dental insurance by pulling his own broken tooth in public. Thank goodness he didn't have hemorrhoids.
An orgasm is just a reflex like a sneeze. -- Dr. Ruth Westheimer
An orgy is a party where everyone comes.
An OS originally designed for a microprocessor that modern kitchen appliances would sneer at... -- Dave Trowbridge (Computer Technology Review, Aug 90, on MS-DOS)
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts. -- John Junor
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition. -- Michael Korda
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest. -- Spanish proverb
An ounce of prevention is better than pounding the table. -- David Farber
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.
An ounce of vanity can ruin a ton of merit.
An overwhelming apathy among the middle & lower classes. The rich getting richer. The poor getting poorer. Death, and of course, taxes.
An oyster is a fish built like a nut.
An ulcer is what you get mountain climbing over molehills
An unbreakable toy can be used to break other toys.
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys. -
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys. -- Van Roy
An unemployed court jester is no one's fool.
An unsupervised teenager with a modem is as dangerous as an unsupervised teenager with a gun. -- Gail Thackeray (Arizona Assistant State Attorney)
An unusual freeway shooting incident occurred on I-205 where one driver shot at another with a bow and arrow. -- Portland Oregonian (3/23/93)
Anabasis, n.: 1. An advance; an expedition. 2. A large-scale military advance.
Anagram: animosity = is no amity
Anagram: astronomers = moon-starers
Anagram: Clint Eastwood = Old West Action
Anagram: conversation = voices rant on
Anagram: desperation = a rope ends it
Anagram: dormitory = dirty room
Anagram: evangelists = evil's agent
Anagram: funeral = real fun
Anagram: the country side = no city dust here
Anagram: the morse code = here come dots
Anagram: Western Union = no wire unsent
Anal expulsive... slurp and burp... -- Dan Connolly
Anal retentive people don't give a crap.
Analogies in writing are like feathers on a snake.
Analysis of the pattern of US military interventions: If you take the first letters of Korea, Vietnam, Libya, Iraq, Iran, El Salvador, Grenada, Nicaragua, and Somalia, it spells ELVIS _S KING. That's why we're not sending troops to Zaire, we need another "I" country.
Analysts say that General Colin Powell would be a very popular presidential candidate because no one knows exactly where he stands on the issues. Don't we already have a president like that?
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested, and the frog dies because of it.
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others. -- Edward Abbey
Anarchists of the world unite!
Anarchists unite!
Anarchy begins at the home, but it doesn't have to end there.
Anarchy is against the law.
Anarchy is better than no government at all.
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
Anarchy means having to put up with things that really piss you off.
Anarchy sounds good to me, then someone asks, Who'd fix the sewers? Would the rednecks just play King of the Neighborhood? -- Dead Kennedys
Anarchy: it's not the law, it's just a good idea.
Anatomically Correct beats Policically Correct ANY DAY
Anchovies? You've got the wrong man I spell my name DANGER (click)
Ancient Chinese Curse: May all your wishes be granted.
Ancient Chinese Curse: May you live in interesting times.
Ancient Greeks made dolphin-killing punishable by death.
Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate; now what's going to happen to us with both a Senate and a House? -- Will Rogers
And a worthy bunch of candidates they are! And what a tough decision this will be! And what a string of uncalled-for exclamation points this is! -- Paul Somerville
And Adam asked What's a Headache?
And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship Him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. -- Revelation 13:8
And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be. -- Roger Waters
And as regards unwed mothers... there's a game called 'Jewels in the Crown' that young black males have, and its how many children you can sire outside of wedlock. You can't legislate against that. -- Christie Whitman
And by the way, they're real and they're spectacular. -- Sidra (Seinfeld)
And computers are getting smarter all the time: scientists tell us that soon they will be able to talk to us. (By "they" I mean "computers"; I doubt scientists will ever be able to talk to us). -- Dave Barry
And death walks, grinning, in the parade. -- T.S. Eliot
And Dijkstra was pleased with the world. And on the seventh day Dijkstra rested. -- Ari Rapkin (Uvacs quotes)
And don't discount the lure of money. I wouldn't mind having a few more airplanes. -- Robert X. Cringely
And don't forget, ladies, that nothing says 'I care' quite like a restraining order.... -- Eric Rowe
And don't start a sentence with a conjunction.
And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is. -- Larry Wall
And every spring, a new graduating class enters the workforce. Some have a well-rounded view of operating systems, but for many there is only Unix. -- Gord Campbell
And God said, "Let there be vodka!" And He saw that it was good. Then God said, "Let there be light!" And then He said, "Whoa - too much light."
And God said, I'll buy a vowel.
And God said, let there be light. BUD light!
And God said: E = +mv} - Ze}/r, and there was light.
And God said: E = Amv^2 - Ze^2/r ...and there WAS light!
And God thought the earth was pretty cool, but still no naked chicks, so he made one. And a naked dude, too. -- Beavis and Butt-head
And he disappeared in a puff of logic.
And help me to remember..... When I'm having a really bad day, and it seems that people are trying to piss me off, that it takes 42 muscles to frown, and only 4 to extend my middle finger and tell them to bite me. -- Joe Covington
And here I sit so patiently, trying to find out what price, You have to pay to get out of going through all these things twice. -- Bob Dylan
And here's another clue for you all: The walrus was Paul.
And how many points will this be on my license Officer?... Great! Three more points and I get the toaster oven.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
And I came to regard men as a strange sort of delicacy.
And I feel it like a sickness, how this love is killing me, but I'd walk in to the fingers of your fire willingly, and dance the edge of sanity, I've never been this close. -- Indigo Girls
And I have the firm belief in this now, not only in terms of my own experience but in knowing about the experience of others, that when you follow your bliss, doors will open where you would not have thought there were going to be doors and where there wouldn't be a door for anybody else. -- Joseph Campbell
And I must be an acrobat to talk like this and act like that. -- U2
And I proclaim that this newsgroup will not die, because it has a cool name. Long live the butt-harp! -- Drew Van der Werf
And I swear that I don't have a gun, no I don't have a gun. -- Nirvana (Come as you are)
And I thought *I* had problems
And I thought phrenology with a ball peen hammer was a dying art!
And I won that trophy in the inter-fraternity belching contest.
And I'd've gotten away with it, too, if it hadn't've been for those meddling kids...
And I'll lie for you as I die for you, the pain in my heart it is real. And I'll tell you how I feel inside, the pain in my heart is for you. -- Candlebox
And I'll smile and I'll learn to pretend, and I'll never be open again, and I'll have no more dreams to defend... -- Kevin Moore
And I'm gonna be 40! (When?) Someday... (In EIGHT YEARS.) -- When Harry Met Sally
And I'm having a wonderful time but I'd rather be whistling in the dark. -- They Might Be Giants
And I'm not sorry. It's human nature. -- Madonna
And if one bad cluster should accidentally fail...
And if that doesn't work you could always convince yourself that it's really unimportant. -- Stephan Monnier
And if you believe that one, I have a cheap IBM mini to sell you -- The sales man
And if you fool yourself, you will make Him happy. You really are illogical. -- Nirvana
And if you put Saturn in a bucket of water, it would float. ...but you wouldn't want to do that! It would leave a ring! And leave you with a Titanic clean-up job to do.
And if you save yourself, you will make Him happy. -- Nirvana (Verse Chorus Verse)
And in the other corner, you could count down to the end of the year. And in another corner, you could count down to the millennium. And in yet another corner, you could count up from the previous millennium. Unfortunately, my Dilbert desk calendar has DILBERT by Scott Adams in the corner, which throws off all my plans. -- Megan Coughlin
And in the refrigerator 100 meter finals, the cabbage is ahead. I don't think the tomato will be able to ketchup.
And it wasn't me who punched the hole in at the West German protest march. -- They Might Be Giants
And it's not development's fault--the corporate management infrastructure seems to have worse checks and balances than a pre-school lemonade stand. -- Brad Barkett
And Jesus sayethed from the cross, "Well maybe I wouldn't HAVE to die if somebody would get a LADDER and a pair of PLIERS!" -- Sam Kinison
And just when I was thinking, "What Unhinged really needs right now is a good dose of evangelism." -- Martin Frankel
And life of man, solitary, poore, nasty, brutish, and short. -- Thomas Hobbes (Leviathan)
And malt does more than Milton can to justify God's ways to man. -- A. E. Housman
And my heaven will be a big hell, and I will walk through the front door. -- Peter Gabriel
And nobody likes a man who takes money from the government, except maybe Marilyn Monroe, which is why the CIA killed her. -- Scott Adams
And now a word from our sponsor...
And now for something completely different... a man with three buttocks. -- Monty Python
And now Red in the Silent Spot. -- Red Skelton
And now the poets down here don't write nothing at all, they just stand back and let it all be. -- Bruce Springsteen
And now, dear reader, at the end, just fourteen more words: Thank you for spending time with us. Do good and be wise. Surprise us. -- Doug Clapp (Macintosh Reader)
And now, for Bonking with Barbie...
And now, the sound of John Denver being strangled... -- Monty Python
And now, you're a coat-rack. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
And now... The Larch.
And numbers grabbed out of the ass of one Adam Rifkin. -- John Dobbin
And of all the sacraments and of all the sins, the greatest of these is love. -- Michael Malone
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
And remember that at the end of the day this is just an ant farm with beepers... -- Dennis Miller
And remember, the Bat Signal is =not= a beeper. -- Thugzilla
And Rohit, once you become the emotional tampon to one, you get to listen to every f-ing detail. -- Adam Rifkin",
And she's like "I don't want to hear this," and I'm like "well neither do I, so shut up." -- Chris Heiser
And so the problem remained; lots of the people were mean, and most of them were miserable, even the ones with digital watches. -- Douglas Adams (THHGTTG)
And so you see I have come to doubt all that I once held as true I stand alone without beliefs the only truth I know is you. -- Paul Simon
And so, standing before [the parson], the two swore that at every other time of their lives till death took them, they would assuredly believe, feel, and desire precisely as they had believed, felt, and desired during the few preceding weeks. What was as remarkable as the undertaking itself was the fact that nobody seemed at all surprised at what they swore. -- Thomas Hardy (Jude the Obscure)
And so, the best of my advice to the originators and designers of Ada has been ignored. In this last resort, I appeal to you, representatives of the programming profession in the United States, and citizens concerned with the welfare and safety of your own country and of mankind: Do not allow this language in its present state to be used in applications where reliability is crucial, i.e., nuclear power stations, cruise missiles, early warning systems, antiballistic missile defense systems. The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to Venus: it may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our own cities. An unreliable programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations. Be vigilant to reduce the risk, not to increase it. -- C.A.R. Hoare (1980 Turing Award Lecture)
And someday if your dreams are leaving you, I'll still believe in you... -- Billy Joel
And sometimes the bear eats you.
And tell me what's going on. Since I have no social life and I work more than I ever have before. Combined. Writing my tenth paper of the year right now. Well, not writing it now, writing mail now... but I will write it. -- Kerry Halpern
And that's inches babe, not centimetres. -- Johnny Holmes
And the doctor said, 'Rectum? It nearly killed him.' -- Butt-head
and the fist of darwin shall smite thy stupid ass -- Marcy Lewis
And the lawyer looks down at his mutilated and severed arm and says: My Rolex, my Rolex
And the lion will lie down with the sheep..... but the sheep won't get very much sleep
And the Lord said 'Maxwells Equations'. And there was light.
And the man in the suit has just bought a new car with the profit he made on your dreams... -- Traffic (Low Spark of High Heeled Boys)
and the obvious answer to that is yes, you smoke crack like an engineer drinks espresso. -- Fred Green
And the people bowed and prayed, to the neon Gods they'd made. -- Paul Simon
And the sign says Long Haired Freaky People Need Not Apply. So I tucked my hair up under my hat, and I went in to ask him why. He said you look like a fine outstanding young man, I think you'll do. So I took off my hat and said imagine that, me working for you. -- Five Man Acoustical Band
And the sky was made of amethysts, and all the stars are just like little fish. -- Hole
And the strange flavour of AI work is that people try to put together long sets of rules in strict formalisms which tell inflexible machines how to be flexible. -- Douglas Hofstadter
And then I said that while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in the classical sense, you are beautiful with a kind of a delicate grace. And that's, that's when you started yelling. -- Friends
And then I woke up
And then she said, "If I've got to be someone else, I'd rather be somebody else with you," and that's exactly how I felt. -- Adorable
And then there's the question 'How's it goin'?' I usually follow this by 'Do you want me to lie, do you want the Reader's Digest Condensed Truth, or do you want the whole truth?' Then they say 'lie' and I say fine and move on. -- jnomina@andy.bgsu.edu
And then there's three bean delight. Which word does not fit in that phrase--three, bean, or delight? -- Blake Davis
And there he was, reigning supreme at number two.
And there was grandma, swingin' on the outhouse door, without a shirt on.
And there, on the door handle, was a HOOK! -- MST3K
And there's hamburger all over the highway in Mystic, Connecticut.
And therefore, the universe is unstable and we all died a long time ago. -- Physics proof
And they're off
And this is the simple truth: that to live is to feel oneself lost. He who accepts it has already begun to find himself to be on firm ground. -- Jose' Ortega y Gasset
And Time, a maniac scattering dust, and Life, a fury slinging flame. -- Alfred (Lord Tennyson)
And tomorrow will be like today, only more so. -- Isaiah 56:12 (New Standard Version)
And under HappyNet, whenever rn says "End of newsgroup alt.slack.", it'll rmgroup it for you. -- James "Kibo" Parry
And we discover yet another talent: posing as a girlfriend for homosexuals. -- Seinfeld
And we put a little sand in it to make the experience a little more pleasant. -- Hudsucker Proxy
And what about your patent disregard for Beavis? Do you not care a rat's ass about the safety of your closest companion? -- Buzzcut
And what are cat diapers called? PamPurrs?
And what IS bluffing? Is it not another word for LYING? -- Friends
And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me? asked the father of his little son. Diet.
And when the G in english changed to a W, a guarantee became a warranty.
And when the month of taxes comes, I will decry the wrong and unfairness of it, and mourn with wine and ashtrays, and rend my receipts. -- Ian Frazier (Atlantic Monthly, 2/97)
And when you beg to lick my killing floor, be sure to bring your Mastercard, because I will take your soul, but I won't take American Express. -- Ridgely Schantz
And when you gaze into an abyss for a long time, the abyss also gazes into you. -- Nietzsche
And when you kill a man, you're a murderer. Kill many, and you're a conqueror. Kill them all... Oh... Oh you're a god! -- Megadeth
And whenever rn sees your .signature it'll rmgroup alt.slack as well! Yay! -- James "Kibo" Parry
And why do they call them apartments if they are all stuck together?
And with a needle in his vein, he knew he could not explain, just what it all means. -- Jellyfish
And yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for I am the baddest sonofabitch in the valley.
And you can analyze this situation. To me it's all just mental masturbation. -- Sammy Hagar (There's only one way to rock)
And you may ask yourself, well... How did I get here? And you may ask yourself, ``How do I work this?'' And you may ask yourself, ``Where is that large automobile?'' And you may tell yourself, this is not my beautiful house! -- Talking Heads
And you thought CHAOS ment rush-hour traffic
And Znow a Zima tazte tezt. Tazte like zhit. -- Kevin Nealon
And, in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make. -- the Beatles
And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead by using their Macintosh computers to create the ultimate American business product: a really sharp-looking report. -- Dave Barry
And, spite of pride, in erring reason's spite, one truth is clear: Whatever is, was meant to be.
And? The Pentagon is the largest office building in the world, and that and a buck and a half will get you a (short) latte at Starbucks. -- Ross Stapleton-Gray
Andie McDowell is a spy-nun-love interest forced to imitate a dolphin. This is the only correct casting of Andie McDowell. -- James Reffell
Andrew is so incredibly reliable that almost any printing command will work, as long as it is long and complex enough... -- Nathaniel Borenstein
Andrew is the operating system of the future and always will be. -- Mary R. Thompson
Andrew Lloyd Webber came up with the grand idea of having this history lesson sung to us. Thanks. Maybe you could scribe the text into my forehead with a blowtorch while you're at it. -- Mr. Cranky
Andrew was brought online at 2:47 am. It achieved sentience at 1:13 pm. Then, it tried to launch the missiles. -- Jason Riek
Andrew... I'm disappointed in you! You apparently missed the deadpan, the irony, and at least a half dozen innuendos! What more do you need, an emoticon??? -- Martin Frankel
Andrew: it's not just an operating system, it's an adventure. -- Steve Hecht
Anfractuous, adj.: Full of twists and turns; tortuous.
Angela has no friends or neighbors who can identify her, because for four years she has lived entirely on the Internet. -- Caryn James reviewing The Net
Angels bend down their wings to a seeker of knowledge.
Angels can fly because they take themselves so lightly.
Angels we have heard on high tell us to go out and buy. -- Tom Lehrer
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance. -- H.G. Bohn
Anger blows out the lamp of the mind.
Angry voters in a number of states also voted overwhelmingly to impose term limits on members of Congress, apparently because there was no way to vote for putting them directly in jail. -- Dave Barry
Angst: You've seen it (you know you have) late at night, in a mirror. It has deep, hollow eyes - too exhausted to close - and looks like someone you thought you knew. -- Dirk John Fischer
Animals vill be bred und SLAUGHTERED! -- Dr. Strangelove
Anime is better than bunraku because it is much shorter and has a snappy rock soundtrack
Ankh if you love Isis!
Ankh if you love Isis.
Anoint, v.: To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Anomalous, adj.: 1. Deviating from the normal or common order, form, or rule. 2. Equivocal, as in classification or nature.
Another angel just got his wings.
Another aspect of our work environment is that we're cheap. In some companies, the thought police would advise me to say 'spartan,' but once you see the pair of 8-foot couches I bought for $10 in the summer of 1991, when we set up our first office in San Jose, you'll probably agree that cheap is the word. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
Another basement, another elevator. How can the same thing happen to the same guy twice? -- Die Hard 2
Another bullshit (or at least, ridiculously academic) argument. Exponential growth can be constant or negative. Long before humans leave the solar system (and I'll wager, within my lifetime) birth control will be a solved problem. If the future of humanity rests on the asymptotic behavior of e^x / x^3, I'm a pimple on the Queen of Sweden's ass. -- Martin Frankel
Another case of Cherry Coke down the programming hatch!
Another day, another 68 cents after taxes.
Another day, another shaving accident.
Another drink would make me feel much worse. But maybe that's just what I need... -- School of Fish
Another fine product from Bastards Inc.
Another genius foiled by an incapable assistant. -- Calvin
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Another improvement that we made was that we built our gas chambers to accommodate two thousand people at one time. -- Rudolf Hoess
Another industry secret is that "Schindler's List" was created entirely on a sound stage in Burbank by one camera man, three actors, and a dozen guys using a custom version of Photoshop. -- Drew Olbrich
Another megabytes the dust.
Another minor point, by the way, is that we don't say that we deconstruct the text but that the text deconstructs itself. This way it looks less like we are making things up. -- Chip Morningstar (How to Deconstruct Almost Anything)
Another Month Ends. All Targets Met. All Systems Working. All Customers Satisfied. All Staff Eager and Enthusiastic. All Pigs Fed and Ready to fly.
Another nearly-full box of Smarties
Another of my favorite internal paradoxes: Don't ask anyone out because they're surely taken, but if they're not taken don't ask them out because there must be something wrong with her. -- John Dobbin
Another Oxymoron: A Makeup Essential
Another person's secret is like another person's money: You are not as careful with it as you are with your own. -- E.W. Howe
Another sign of the times. Arnold's tromping around praying for the earth to save itself and Ms. Davis and Ms. Sarandon are drinking and shooting and screwing their way all over the macho west. -- Denis Leary
Another study, in North Carolina, revealed that 13.5% of the high school students there have had sex with a teacher.
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
another vote for who the fuck is slenk. -- Martin Frankel
Another way of expressing the same idea is to say that the user views the system as a 'virtual uniprocessor', not as a collection of distinct machines. This is easier said than done. -- Tanenbaum and van Renesse (Computing Surveys v17n4)
Another world record set in the Goodwill Games: Nobody watched them today either. -- Jay Leno
Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth. Most notably I have ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old. Well, I haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and then rejected it. There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice. Prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts. Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards. Prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes. Postjudice is not terrible. You can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also. But it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence. In some circles it is even encouraged. -- Carl Sagan (The Burden of Skepticism)
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit. -- Proverbs 26:5
Answers: $1 ; for Correct answers: $5 ; for Dumb looks: FREE
Answers: $1. Correct answers: $5. Dumb looks: Free
Antelope - Someone who is against all lopes.
Antelope freeway--1/4 mile.
Anthony's Law of Force: Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Anthony's Law of the Workshop: Any tool when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner of the workshop.
Anthony's Law of the Workshop: Any tool, when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner.
Anti-Anthropomorphists of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity.
Anti-ninjas were the most feared assassins in the world. Instead of appearing out of thin air, throwing metal stars and messing around with bo staffs and numchuks they simply shot people and then drove everyone mad with pointless conspiracy theories for years afterwards. -- from N-Man #3
Anti-paranoia is the eerie feeling that nothing is connected to anything else.
Anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude
Anticipatory plagiarism occurs when someone steals your original idea and publishes it a hundred years before you were born. -- Robert Merton
Antidisestablishmentarianism!
Antigravity technology. We stole it from the Nazis at the end of WW2. We've been on Mars since 1962. -- Slacker
Antisesquipedalian, adj.: Opposed to the use of large words.
Antonym, n.: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
Antonym: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
Anu, you're babbling, go to eat'n park. -- Chris "Ratha" Grimes
Anxiety is a thin stream of fear trickling through the mind. If encouraged, it cuts a channel into which all other thoughts are drained. -- Arthur Somers Roche
Anxiety is fear of one's self. -- Wilhelm Stekel
Anxiety is interest paid on trouble before it is due. -- Dean Inge
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Any American who is prepared to run for President should automatically, by definition, be disqualified from ever doing so. -- Gore Vidal
Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter interferes. Suddenly.
Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter intervenes. Suddenly.
Any bureaucracy reorganized to enhance efficiency is indistinguishable from its predecessor.
Any clod can have facts, but having opinions is an art. -- Charles McCabe
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art. -- Charles McCabe
Any closet is a walk-in closet if you try hard enough.
Any computer project will take twice as long as you think it will even when you take into account Hofstadter's law. -- Hofstadter's law
Any creature encountered should be presumed hostile until proven helpful.
Any definition of "noise" that doesn't count discussion of gun control is inherently bogus. -- John Myers
Any deviation will result in termination. -- The Management
Any eight-year old could do it -- with twenty years' practice. -- Green Arrow
Any excuse to wear a sword is a good excuse.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant. -- Aesop
Any film of Polanski's that begins in the United States, as this one does, is entirely predictable. It's only going to stay there for as long as Polanski is capable of eluding the authorities. -- Mr. Cranky
Any fool can be fussy and rid himself of energy all over the place, but a man has to have something in him before he can settle down to do nothing. -- J.B. Priestley
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do. -- Dale Carnegie
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain. And most do.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any fool with money can have a Mercedes, but few can have taste. -- Rohit Khare
Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid. -- Hedy Lamar
Any given program will expand to fill all available memory plus 1K.
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
Any good strategy will seem ridiculous by the time it is implemented. -- Scott Adams (Build a Better Life by Stealing Office Supplies: Dogbert's Big Book of Business)
Any husband who thinks he's smarter than his wife is married to a very clever woman.
Any I.C. protected by a fast acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
Any idea how hard it is to get something declared obscene in a court of law? -- John Dobbin
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's the day to day living that wears you out. -- Anton Chekhov
Any idiot can face a crisis. It's the day-to-day living that wears you out. -- Anton Chekhov
Any inaccuracies in this index may be explained by the fact that it has been sorted with the help of a computer. -- Donald Knuth (Sorting and Searching)
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage -- to move in the opposite direction. -- E. F. Schumacher
Any landing you can walk away from is a good one.
Any lawyser can get you money. A really good one will get you a body part. -- Rachael Dooley
Any machine constructed for the purpose of making decisions, if it does not possess the power or learning, will be completely literal-minded. Woe to us if we let it decide our conduct, unless we have previously examined the laws of its action, and know fully that its conduct will be carried out on principles acceptable to us! On the other hand, the machine... which can learn and can make decisions on the basis of its learning, will in no way be obliged to make such decisions as we should have made, or will be acceptable to us. For the man who is not aware of this, to throw the problem of his responsibility on the machine, whether it can learn or not, is to cast his responsibility to the winds, and to find it coming back seated on the whirlwind. I have spoken of machines, but not only of machines having brains of brass and thews of iron. When human atoms are knit into an organization in which they are used, not in their full right as responsible human beings, but as cogs and levers and rods, it matters little that their raw material is flesh and blood. What is used as an element in a machine, is in fact an element in a machine. Whether we entrust our decisions to machines of metal, or to those machines of flesh and blood which are bureaus, and vast laboratories and armies and corporations, we shall never receive the right answers to our questions unless we ask the right questions... The hour is very late and the choice of good and evil knocks at our door. -- Norbert Weiner (The Human Use of Human Beings)
Any machine that can run a browser is not thin. The browser has to be the thickest application man has ever invented, and it's getting thicker faster than anything ever development by man. -- Bill Gates
Any man can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. -- Abraham Lincoln
Any man who can get caught with a hooker one week and appear on the cover of Time with his forgiving wife the next week has what we in Los Angeles call "good people skills." -- A. Hamilton (On U.S. President Clinton's disgraced advisor Dick Morris)
Any man who doesn't love dogs is not a man. (For the record, poodles and their ilk aren't dogs. And snausages aren't sausages either.) -- Richard Goodman
Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
Any man who laughs at women's clothes has never paid the bill for them.
Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind. Therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls. It tolls for thee. -- John Donne
Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world. To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy. -- Alan Kay
Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be liable to a fine of one pound. Any animal leading a blind person shall be deemed to be a cat. -- Oxford Union Society, London (Rule 46)
Any movie with 'wok-a-chicka wok-a-chicka' in it is okay by me. -- Tom Servo (MST3K)
Any nitwit can understand computers. Many do. -- Ted Nelson
Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs there. -- Sydney J. Harris
Any political group that bashes the poor is neither religious nor right. -- Barbara Reynolds
Any problem when looked at the right way can become still more complicated.
Any real progress takes time and patience and effort. You are making real strides. Don't curse yourself because you're not yet where you want to be; praise yourself that you are on the right path to get there. -- Adam Rifkin
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Any show with that many cheerleaders in it can't be all bad, right? -- John Dobbin
Any shrine is better than self-worship.
Any sin or repudiation against the mother is punished by banishment from the community. -- Ancient Babylonian law
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a larger object.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature. -- Kulawiec
Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo. -- James Klass
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. In bed!
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. -- Arthur C. Clarke
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc, informally-specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of Common Lisp. -- Philip Greenspun
Any Sufficiently Fucked-Up Techonology is Indistinguishable from Tragic
Any sufficiently repeatable miracle is indistinguishable from mundane technology. -- Joe Barrera
Any system that depends on reliability is unreliable.
Any task can be completed in only 1/3 more time than is currently estimated.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced. -- Alan Briggins
Any technology sufficiently advanced is indistinguishable from a Perl script.
Any time four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place. -- Johnny Carson
Any time is the right time for an explosion. -- Butt-head
Any tool should be useful in the expected way, but a *great* tool lends itself to uses you never expected. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Any twelve people who can't get themselves out of jury duty are not my peers.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Any verbose and tedious solution is error-prone because programmers get bored. -- Bjarne Stroustrup
Any wire cut to length will be too short.
Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.
Anybody can become angry - that is easy; but to be angry with the right person, and to the right degree, and at the right time, and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everyone's power and is not easy. -- Aristotle
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody going into boxing already has brain damage. -- George Foreman (when asked whether he worries about brain damage)
Anybody not wearing 2000000 sunblock's gonna have a REALLY bad day. -- Sarah Connor
Anybody who claims that marriage is a fifty-fifty proposition doesn't know the first thing about women or fractions.
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
Anybody who's spent any time with machines at all, and baby, that's us all, knows first and foremost there's only one thing certain about them, computer or bicycle. They go wrong. -- Salman Rushdie (The Satanic Verses)
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Anyone can become ANGRY. That is easy. But to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose and in the right way. That is not easy. -- Aristotle
Anyone can chug beeya, but it takes real guts to chug MOXIE!
Anyone can commit a crime, but how many people do you know that can commit a crime that is not only ahead of it's time, but also isn't illegal...yet. Subtle manipulation of the masses with little effort on our part. It's not just a good idea. Hot ninja hacker chicks will think we're gods. -- Joshua Nowell
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment. -- Robert Benchley
Anyone can hate. It costs to love. -- John Williamson
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. -- Publilius Syrus
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs. The trick is to make one with none.
Anyone can steer a ship while the sea is calm.
Anyone can stop smoking. It takes a real man to deal with lung cancer.
Anyone can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anyone ever notice that men never have discussions like this? I mean, even when I'm in the worst mood about people and relationships and all that, I never find myself thinking, "I should just give up women. From now on, men only." Though, I do occasionally think, "I should just give up women. From now on, I need BIG FUCKING GUNS." -- Bruce Sherrod
Anyone ever see the tops of the words "THERE IS NO FUCKING POINT" slowing rising on the mental horizon? -- John "Bbz" Jantos
Anyone have a coat hanger? My brain itches.
Anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out becoming pure energy.
Anyone needing documentation to the kernel functions probably shouldn't be using them. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Anyone want a burger? It has cheese on both sides
Anyone who can cope with mathematics is not fully human.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes in the house. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin. -- John von Neumann
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat. -- Robert Heinlein
Anyone who corrects all his mistakes is probably writing his memoirs.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Anyone who has never hacked sendmail.cf has no soul. Anyone who has hacked it twice has no brain. -- Peter da Silva
Anyone who hates Dogs and Kids Can't be All Bad. -- W. C. Fields
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job. -- Douglas Adams (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
Anyone who isn't confused here doesn't really know what's going on.
Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an obstruction to its progress --- in direct proportion to the importance of their original contribution.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
anyone who says that gratuitous sex is no substitute for gratuitous violence obviously hasn't had enough gratuitous sex -- Geoff Spear
Anyone who slaps a "this page is best viewed with Browser X" label on a Web page appears to be yearning for the bad old days, before the Web, when you had very little chance of reading a document written on another computer, another word processor, or another network. -- Tim Berners-Lee
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at 20 or 80. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. -- Henry Ford
Anyone who thinks animals have no will... has never bathed a cat. -- Jennifer L. Dziura
Anyone who thinks otherwise is a moron, because I said so. -- Matt McIrvin
Anyone who uses the phrase 'easy as taking candy from a baby' has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Anyone with an active mind lives on tentatives rather than tenets.
Anyone with money to burn will always find himself surrounded by people with matches. -- Joe Ryan
Anything awful makes me laugh. I misbehaved once at a funeral.
Anything but history, for history must be false. -- Sir Robert Walpole
Anything can be made to work if you fiddle with it long enough.
Anything done while honking your horn is legal. -- Rules for driving in New York
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening. -
Anything is good and useful if it's made of chocolate.
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
Anything is impossible, if you don't attempt it.
Anything is possible if you have no idea what you are talking about.
Anything is possible on paper. -- Ron McAfee
Anything is possible, but only a few things actually happen. -- Rich Rosen
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
Anything labeled NEW and/or IMPROVED isn't. The label means the price went up. The label ALL NEW, COMPLETELY NEW, or GREAT NEW means the price went way up.
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
Anything not worth doing is not worth doing well.
Anything preying on your mind would starve to death.
Anything styrical onyour mind? -- Rohit Khare
Anything that can go wr ... # ^% Bus Error - Core
Anything that is designed to do more than one thing can't do any of them well.
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently. Things hitherto undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth. -- Max Beerbohm (Mainly on the Air)
Anything that is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking someone to do it.
ANYTHING will burn with enough gasoline and dynamite. -- Robert Heinlein
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Anything worth fighting for is worth fighting dirty for.
Anything you can do to draw attention to your mouth is a good thing. -- Clueless
Anything you do can get you shot. This includes doing nothing.
Anything you still can't cope with is your own problem.
Anything's funny with blood all over your face. -- Chris Grimes
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults encountered is proportional to the number of viewers.
Anyway, Faisal, the fate of the civilized world lies with you. -- Corey Post (Publisher, Generation Next magazine)
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power. -- P.J. O'Rourke
Anyway, there's plenty of room for doubt. It might seem easy enough, but computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is. -- Larry Wall
Anyway, you know, after work I figured I'd pick up a bottle of wine, go over there, and try to *woo* her. -- Friends
AOL and TimeWarner offer up the new org chart of a combined company. Case would be Chairman. Levin would be CEO. And Ted Turner would maintain his role as being pretty darn odd. -- Dave Pell
AOL is better than Prodigy; syphilis is better than AIDS.
AOL really pushes that bozo theme to the limit, though. -- The Washington Post
AOL? Isn't that "Association of Online Losers"? -- Robert Harley
Apathy Error: Don't bother striking any key.
Apathy on the individual level translates to insanity on the mass level. -- Douglas Hofstadter
Apathy, like anarchy, is a temporary state sometimes needed to attain greater enlightenment. The important points to note are: (1) One *can* attain enlightenment this way; (2) It must be temporary. -- PShell
Apathy: If we don't take care of the customer, maybe they'll stop bugging us. -- www.despair.com
Aperi os tuum muto, et causis omnium filiorum qui pertranseunt. Aperi os tuum, decerne quod justum est, et judica inopem et pauperem. -- Liber Proverbiorum XXXI: 8-9
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
APL is a write-only language. -- Roy Keir
APL programmers are functional.
APL programmers do it backwards.
Apocalipstick, n.: What your wife found on your shirt collar just before she kicked you out of the house.
Apocalypse now... or your money back!
Apparently part of the contest is getting a response out to them. -- John Dobbin
Apparently the Amazing Screenwriting Mom has learned the fine art of plot editing with that most useful of tools, the Nerf Knife. -- Mr. Cranky
apparently the moon is in the house of seriously fucked up shit. -- May Jawdat
Apparently, Mr. Gandhi has renounced his philosophy of non-violence for a philosophy of whoop-ass. -- Celebrity Deathmatch
Appearances often are deceiving.
Apple (c) 1767, Sir Isaac Newton.
Apple (c) 6024 b.c., Adam & Eve
Apple called it the MAC Quadra instead of the MAC III because most MAC users can't count to three.
Apple Computer don't threaten us, we can buy them out of petty cash. -- John Akers (IBM)
Apple has been bent over with its pants dropped for so long now, even a geek like Bill Gates was bound to get lucky. -- Top 5
Apple I (c) Copyright 1767, Sir Isaac Newton.
Apple: so much passion, so few sales. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Apple's recalled its new top-of-the-line laptops after two of the models burst into flames at the company's headquarters. -- Educom
Apple's redesigned UI for MacOS X is so incredibly slick I hope their users don't slip, fall and break something. -- Sam Kass
Applicants must also have extensive knowledge of UNIX, although they should have sufficiently good programming taste to not consider this an achievement.
Applications Programming Department (Mistakes Made While You Wait.)
April 1. This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four.
Aquadextrous, adj.: Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Aquadextrous, sniglet: Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes.
Arbitrary cutoffs are so... arbitrary! -- Ari Rapkin
Arbitrary systems, n. pl.: Systems about which nothing general can be said, save "nothing general can be said."
Archaelolgists do it in the dirt.
Archaeologists take sedimental journeys.
Archduke Ferdinand found alive -- First World War a mistake!
Archeologists date anything!
Archimedes had no principles
Architecture is petrified music. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Are Cheerios really donut seeds?
Are Cheerios the seeds for donuts?
Are critics of Hamlet really mad, or just pretending to be mad?
Are my eyes really brown?
Are the Amish really known for their noodles? -- Megan Coughlin
Are the Democrats gonna be dancing the mandate macarena tonight? -- Dan Rather
Are the hell fires a-glowing? Is the reaper a-mowing? So the danger must be growing! -- Willy Wonka
Are there seeing eye humans for blind dogs?
Are they made from real Girl Scouts?
Are they made out of real Girl Scouts? -- Wednesday Addams
Are those cookies made with real Girl Scouts?
Are we having fun yet?
Are we near a slaughterhouse, or did you forget your deodorant?
Are we not men?
Are we the X's or the O's? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Are you a Klingon, or is that a turtle on your head.
Are you a pleasant mother pheasant plucker?
Are you a turtle?
Are you an attractive woman with shapely legs, nice figure and a pretty face? Here's a man who will treat you well regardless of your personality.
Are you as cool as you believe? -- New Order
Are you becoming a net.personality? shame on you! -- Andrew Stellman
Are you for real, or has someone switched you with a pod from the planet Bimbo? And if so, are there more like you? -- Married with Children
Are you from Indiana? Okay, I'll speak very slowly. -- David Letterman
Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to use earplugs?
Are you going to do something, or are you just going to stand there and bleed? -- Tombstone
Are you gonna bark, or are you gonna bite? --Mr. Blonde, Reservoir Dogs
Are you grading now? Waiting for a more favorable alignment of the stars? -- Berna Massingill
Are you Hootie? -- Jerry Maguire
Are you in or are you out? It's not show friends, it's show business. -- Jerry Maguire
Are you kidding? I love museums. Of course, nothing beats a good nap. -- Seinfeld
Are you known for your work in the theater? -- What's My Line?
Are you looking for secrets? Is that what this is all about? Well, maybe I can help you. Do you know what the ultimate secret is? Do you want to know? Laura did. The secret of knowing who killed you... -- Harold Smith
Are you looking to drive my dreams? You here to route my schemes? -- REM
Are you man or mouse? Squeak up!
Are you nuts? I really wasn't planning on giving a talk to some Armenian computer science group, were you? -- Rohit Khare
Are you out of my mind?
Are you prepared to defend yourself?
Are you ready? Are you ready for this? Are you hanging on the edge of your seat? Out of the doorway, the bullets rip... -- Queen
Are you saying I could be dating this hair? -- Elaine (on Seinfeld)
Are you sick and tired of men sniveling and whining about how we women want to smother them? If you can still hear them whining you aren't holding the pillow down hard enough. -- Fred Green
Are you sick? Be patient.
Are you sitting comfortably? -- Monty Python
Are you tellin' me Mr. Zero knew? -- When Harry Met Sally
Are you threatening me? -- Beavis as Cornholio
Are you using the whole fist, Doc? -- Fletch
Aren't there any sicknesses that aren't depressing? Downer! -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Aren't you at least a little curious what a sushi eraser looks like? -- John Dobbin
Aren't you glad Bill Clinton isn't the father of our country? On Presidents' Day we'd be eating cheeseburger pie.
Aren't you glad that everything is going so smoothly?
ARG n. Abbreviation for argument (to a function), used so often as to have become a new word.
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours. -- Illusions
Argue hard enough for your limitations and sure enough, they're yours. -- Richard Bach
Argue not with dragons, for thou art crunchy and go well with Brie.
Arguing with a person's faith is like chasing them around a parking lot. You can keep backing them up and backing them up, but you'll never actually corner them. -- G.M. Weilacher
Argument from Design: 1. One looks at a simple computer, and sees evidence of intelligent design. 2. One looks at a Sun Sparc 20 and... um... well... Okay, One looks at a DEC Alpha and sees evidence of intelligent design. 3. It is therefore likely that something created them. 4. One looks at the network and sees evidence of intelligent design. 5. It is therefore likely that something created it. That something is the System Administrator. Counter-argument: 1. If you think the network implies intelligent design, you haven't seen *our* network. 2. Even assuming this proves the existence of a System Administrator, there's no evidence the System Administrator is intelligent. -- Andy Gray
Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Arguments with furniture are rarely productive. -- Kehlog Albran (The Profit)
ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19) You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt. You are quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice. You are not very nice.
Arisitotle claimed that beyond the society of Man exists only Beasts and Gods. Which do you choose to be? -- tjl93003@uconnvm.uconn.edu
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes. -- Mickey Mouse
ARKANSAS: At Least We're not Oklahoma.
Armadillo, v.: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.
Armadillo: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle
Armaments, universal debt and planned obsolescence... those are the three pillars of Western Philosophy. -- Aldous Huxley
Army Axiom: An order that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood.
Army Law: If it moves, salute it. If it doesn't move, paint it.
Arnold Schwarzenneger has a long one, Michael J. Fox has a short one, Madonna doesn't have one, The Pope doesn't use his any more. It's a last name.
Arnold's Laws of Documentation: (1) If it should exist, it doesn't. (2) If it does exist, it's out of date. (3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the first two laws.
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long? -- Epigrams in Programming (ACM SIGPLAN Sep 82)
Arrgghh! I need a CD player with a "loop" feature so I can play "Kick Him When He's Down" indefinitely! -- Robert Harley
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Arsonists do it with fire.
Arsonists of the world, ignite!
Art and money are closely related. Try sitting down with a group of artists and ask them what's on their mind. Very quickly the topic shifts to money. And it can be very hard to get them off that subject. -- Dave Winer
art and science are the same basic fabric, just in art you tend to arrive at important developments without the need for documentation on how you got there -- Brad Barkett
Art consists of inventing and not copying. -- Fernand L&eacute;ger
Art deals with the needs, the refueling - of man's conciseness. -- Ann Rand (Philosophy: Who needs it?)
Art doesn't have to match the couch. -- Penny Pennington
Art flourishes where there is a sense of adventure. -- Alfred North Whitehead
Art forms I'd not like to see #332: Rap opera
Art is a hammer, not a mirror.
Art is a lie by witch you tell the truth. -- Pablo Picasso
Art is a moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television. -- Rita Mae Brown
Art is anything you can get away with. -- Marshall McLuhan
Art is either a plagiarist or a revolutionist. -- Paul Gaugin (Pathos of Distance)
Art is experimental, or it isn't art.
Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it. -- Robert Motherwell
Art is not a mirror held up to reality; it is a hammer used to shape it. -- Bertold Brecht
Art is what you can get away with. -- Andy Warhol
Art is your fate; don't debate.
Art off. OK, I want channels 18, 24, 63, 109, 87, and the weather channel.
Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere. -- Gilbert Keith Chesterton
ARTHUR'S LAW OF LOVE: People to whom you are attracted think you remind them of someone else.
Arthur's Laws of Love: (1) People to whom you are attracted invariably think you remind them of someone else. (2) The love letter you finally got the courage to send will be delayed in the mail long enough for you to make a fool of yourself in person.
Articles on Aristotle? Who's this Artiklees fellow?
Artificial Insemination, n.: Copulation without representation.
Artificial Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Artificial Intelligence, n.: The other guy's opinion.
Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the ones in movies. -- Bill Bulko
Artificial Intelligence? I'll be impressed when they come up with artificial CUNNING.
Artificial intelligences make mistakes too, only faster. -- Larry Wall
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
Artists are born. That's the problem.
Artists do it with creativity.
Artists make things for people they don't really need. -- Andy Warhol
As a composer i take my hat off to you. As a man i put on ten. -- Arturo Toscaninni
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
As a fan, I'm distraught, but as a cartoonist looking at new vacant spaces in 2,400 newspapers, well, behind me, my cats are dancing a conga line. -- Scott Adams (On the ending of Calvin & Hobbes)
As a former foetus, I oppose abortion!
As a fruit ripening in season, your subjectivity and objectivity naturally become one. It is like a dumb man who has had a dream. He knows about it but he cannot tell it. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
As a general rule, don't solve puzzles that open portals to Hell. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
As a husband and wife are getting into bed, the husband hands the wife a couple of aspirin. She says, "What's this for? I don't have a headache."
As a man thinketh in his heart so is he. -- Eddie Vedder
As a math atheist, I should be excused from this. -- Calvin
As a matter of fact I hail from Europe and aim to maintain my sense of "whatever" when it comes to these highly North American city vs. suburbia lifestyles, choices, attitudes or whatever it is y'all argue about. -- Lidia Pines
As a matter of fact, no, I don't have a life.
As a member of Fodder Muckers, why don't I recall us releasing this? -- John Dobbin
As a mother, I'm responsible for everything that enters and leaves my refrigerator. -- Hal Sirowitz (from his poem A Snowball in August in the collection Mother Said)
As a person of faith, I am bound by a different covenant than she. But our goal is one and the same: the pursuit of truth. -- Contact
As a sex joke, I think "microsoft" says it all. -- Rae McLellan
As a teenager, I want better labeling of content so I can tell at a glance while scanning DirecTV's film listings which shows contain nudity, which contain wanton violence, and which are just pansy-ass dramas. -- Evan Vetere
As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -- Rita Mae Brown
As always, for my birthday, its a surprise party, so don't tell me about it. I want to be surprised. -- Chris Holly
As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist. This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls. -- Matt Cartmill
As an aside, I next plan to gun for both news.announce.newgroups and comp.risks. I figure that along with the mysterious but timely disappearance of alt.conspiracy and talk.politics.guns, once I've gotten them, I'll have accomplished my goal of imposing my will upon all of USENET's readership. I'll control Star Trek, I'll control humor, I'll control which newsgroups exist, and I'll ensure that no one can be warned about the threat I pose. So Mr. Neumann and Mr. Lawrence, you've been warned. And once the Internet is present in every household in the world, I'll have fulfilled my dream to become the absolute ruler of the hearts and minds of every sentient being on the planet. But I digress. -- Jim Griffith (prolific newsgroup moderator)
As an economist, I refuse to believe in your altruism. There's some double-ledger accounting going on here, but you're definitely getting SOMETHING in return for your selflessness. -- Rohit Khare
As an old fart, I'm well aware that life is always changing and destiny may bring us back together. -- Ira Hata
As Camille Paglia's success has demonstrated, what is most marketable is absolutism and attitude undiluted by thought. -- Wendy Kaminer (Atlantic Monthly, 10/95)
As close to a man as you can come without shaving your palms. -- Blackadder IV
As cunning as a fox who's just been named professor of cunning at Oxford University? -- Blackadder IV
As easy as 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716
As everyone watches the Jupiter coverage, OJ Simpson quietly tiptoes out of the country. -- Top 5
As executive director of the Bureau of Consumer Alarm, I am always on the alert for news stories that involve two key elements: 1. Fire. 2. Barbie. -- Dave Barry
As famous as the unknown soldier.
As far as I am concerned, paranoia is nothing but heightened awareness. -- Jameel al Khafiz
As far as I can see he only has one disadvantage over the other guys... they all have jobs. Therefore I don't believe he'll need any tricks to catch Kristy. -- Steve Bondi
As far as pizza goes, New Yorkers rise to new levels of delusion on this score. What they call pizza has all the flavor of a manhole cover marinated in brine and topped with three atoms of sauce and a smear of cheese-flavored spackle. When I'm in New York, I call Dominos. And I call the one in Dupont Circle. -- James Lileks
As far as Saddam Hussein being a great military strategist, he is neither a strategist, nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general, nor is he as a soldier. Other than that, he's a great military man, I want you to know that. -- General Norman Schwarzkopf
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being. -- C.G. Jung
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error. -- Weisert
As for Denny's, sure, just as long as it isn't Denny's. -- Chris Canter
As for emotions, just always assume that I'm angry, disappointed, confused, curious, mischeivous, sad, excited, scared or happy. Does that help? -- Steve Bondi
As for religion, literally, I'm in a corner case between Hinduism (duty, fate, static world) and 'Americanism' (individual destiny, change the world). I haven't reconciled determinism and free will. I feel it is my *duty* to excel individually and change the world in exchange for all the blessings of my circumstances. I am not lucky to have the power and gifts I have; I am due to push myself to the edge. -- Rohit Khare
As for two years from now... who knows where it'll be. I think we'll ideally be doing a lot of the same stuff, but maybe with spell checking. -- Rob Malda
As genitals to wanton boys are we to the gods. They play with us for sport. -- Blackadder II
As goatheard learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As good as the usual black-cube multi-story office building does when sticking out like a sore thumb on a skyline of skiffs. -- Rohit Khare
As Henry VIII said to his wife, I won't keep you long. -- Ronald Reagan
As I grow older and older, and totter toward the tomb, I find that I care less and less who goes to bed with whom. -- Dorothy L. Sayers
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
As i was packing up my books, i noticed that i had "Atlas Shrugged" shoved in between "To kill a mockingbird" and "The communist manifesto". i cant say it didnt give me a tiny little twinge of happiness. -- May Jawdat
As I went walking, I saw a sign there; on the sign it said 'No Trespassing.' But on the other side it didn't say nothing; that side was made for you and me! -- Woody Guthrie (This Land Is Your Land)
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity. -- H.D. Thoreau
As in life nothing is perfect, wanna keep this little motherfucking OS jihad going? -- Tim Byars
As it is more blessed to give than receive, so it must be more blessed to receive than to give back. -- Robert Frost
As long as America's educational system remains woefully inadequate, I rule! -- Professor Dick Solomon (Third Rock from the Sun)
As long as I can remember, I've had amnesia.
As long as people masturbate, fart, and take dumps, people will listen to my show. -- Howard Stern
As long as somebody let the cat out of the bag, we might as well spell it correctly. -- David Farber
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later. Long live FORTRAN! -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular. -- Oscar Wilde
As long as we're going insane, we might as well go the whole way. A mere shred of sanity is of no value.
As long as you can feel confused, then you know your mind is free. -- Norman Spinrad
As long as you don't sport a goalie mask and wander around screaming: "WOMEN! WOMEN! Why have you forsaken me?" I don't consider you psycho. -- Jenn Lewis
As long as you don't think I'm piecewise differentiable, we'll get along okay. -- Ari Rapkin
As long as you have a keyboard, you have the key. -- Persephone Silverthorn
As long as you have lit one candle, you are allowed to curse the darkness.
As much as I definitely enjoy solitude, I wouldn't mind perhaps, spending little time with you.. sometimes... sometimes. -- Bjork
As my friend Eric Meyhofer would say, 'That guy's a loser'. -- Chris Heiser
As no less an authority than the Pat Robertson has stated that all witches are in league with Satan, I would prepare to see a side of Samantha that only comes to the surface after a few Zimas. -- Scott Potter
As ocean depth increases, temperature decreases. The speed of sound decreases to a certain depth, then increases, offsetting the temperature decrease, until equilibrium is established and nothing has changed. In this way, ocean depth is much like political or economic progress. Much changes for a while, but in the long run, everything is the same and you're in a little deeper. -- Dr. Science
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
As opposed to the Jewish Pope, slightly less well-known, who doesn't even rate a Popemobile. -- Megan Coughlin
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs, a process that traditionally requires some debugging. -- USA Today (referring to the IRS switch over to a new computer system.)
As part of the Olympic bombing investigation, the FBI has assembled over 4,600 photographs taken at Centennial Park. Amazingly, all of them show OJ Simpson wearing Bruno Magli shoes. -- Conan O'Brien
As president, do you think you can get me Batman's autograph? -- David Letterman
As Pretoria goes, so goes my Mother's blood pressure. -- Angela Watson
As private parts to the Gods, are we, they play with us for their sport. -- Lord Melchett
As required by law, I've taken vanity screenshots of emulation.net's main page within Virtual PC to show the Internet functionality. Enjoy. -- John Stiles
As romantic as the sound of hogs being butchered. -- Truman Capote (describing James Thurber and girlfriend making love)
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of demand.
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -- Josh Billings
As seen on the wall in a boardroom: Intelligence is no substitute for information. Enthusiasm is no substitute for capacity. Willingness is no substitute for experience. Hand written in under the last line: A meeting is no substitute for progress.
As she hears the wedding march, three things are foremost in a bride's mind: aisle, altar, hymn.
As Shin pointed out, I neglected to mention the 7 inch penis extender. -- Bruce Sherrod
As soon as I get through with you, you'll have a clear case for divorce and so will my wife. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
As soon as I'm finished dying, I'm gonna go out and DO SOMETHING with my life.
As soon as I've finished this, I shall recommend they ban it. -- Tony Hancock
As soon as the stewardess serves the coffee, the airline encounters turbulence.
As soon as we get good at handling the impossible, it becomes part of our job description. -- Colonel Egan (USMC)
As soon as you perceive an object, you draw a line between it and the rest of the world; you divide the world, artificially, into parts, and you thereby miss the Way. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
As sure as you can steer a train you can change your fate. -- They Might Be Giants
As the axe entered the forest, the trees said, The handle is one of us.
As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way. -- Jack Handey
As the most participatory form of mass speech yet developed, the Internet deserves the highest protection from government intrusion. -- Judge Dalzell (CDA panel)
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree." Probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on. -- Woody Allen
As the sands of the desert are to the weary traveler, so is too much speech to him who loveth silence.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance. -- National Lampoon (Deteriorada)
As they say in my country, the only thing that separates us from the animals are mindless superstition and pointless ritual. -- Latka Gravas (Andy Kaufman) (Taxi)
As three laws were good enough for Newton, I have modestly decided to stop there. -- Arthur C. Clarke
As time approaches zero, work approaches infinity.
As to the difference between the Unabomber and Colin Powell, allow me to quote from that never-ending source of wisdom: Megadeth lyrics. -- Robert Harley
As usual with true stories, I hate to say that someone's life wasn't quite as exciting as a flock of animated chickens, but it's true. -- The Self-Made Critic (On "The Perfect Storm")
As usual you exagerrate. Last time I looked there were less than a Billion Java books! -- Jeffrey Stulin
As usual, I think they are discussing things in terms of a specific implementation without the context of well-defined terms. -- Ernest Prabhakar
As we acquire more knowldege, things do not become more comprehensible, but more mysterious. -- Albert Schweitzer
As we all know, "hard sf" is the rigorously demanding, intellectually taxing practice of "sf without a net," which rejects squishy soft ideas like human biology or psychology in favor of hardnosed, realistic concepts such as hyperdrives, travel through black holes, omnipotent aliens, etc. -- Patrick Nielsen Hayden
As we ascend the social ladder, viciousness wears a thicker mask. -- Erich Fromm
As we debate this bill, the sword of Damocles is hanging over Pandora's box. -- member of New York City Council
As we endure storms, so we receive rainbows.
As we rehearsed, poetry first, sausage later. -- Blackadder III
As we say in Texas, "[deity] willing and the creek don't rise"... -- Berna Massingill
As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
As X approaches infinity, X gets pretty damn big.
As you approach 4.0, study time approaches infinity.
As you can see, smoking offers the best long term investment. Plus, by investing in tobacco companies, I can take part in the death of over 300,000 people per year. What more could a man want? -- Robert Rodgers
As you cruise the information highway, do not be afraid of the strange men you see walking on the shoulders, muttering to themselves. They work for us. -- Tony Tribby
As you know, we take requests for terminations very seriously. Yours was no exception. In our continuing efforts to provide the very best customer service to out-of-state clients, your request has been granted. The requested subject was taken behind the barn and shot. -- Jeremy Elson
As you make your way through this hectic world of ours, set aside a few minutes each day. At the end of the year, you'll have a couple of days saved up.
As you might have already noticed, there's a problem of defining our audience; at times it's very basic and preachy and tutorial; other times it's just on the edge of a sophisticated error. -- Rohit Khare
As you ramble through life, brother, no matter what your goal, keep your eye upon the doughnut, and not upon the hole. -- Murray Banks
As you read the scroll, it vanishes.
As you wish. -- Princess Bride
As your attorney, it is my duty to inform you that it is not important that you understand what I'm doing or why you're paying me so much money. What's important is that you continue to do so. -- Hunter S. Thompson's Samoan Attorney
As your attourney I advise you to tell me where you put the goddamn mescaline. -- Hunter S. Thompson (Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas)
As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."
As... no, ins... no, pers... no ex - piring writer.
ASCII and ye shall receive.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.
ASCII stupid question... get a stupid ANSI
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, If God won't have you, the devil must.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, it's better to burn out than turn to rust.
Ask 5 economists and you'll get 5 different explanations. 6 if one went to Harvard. -- Edgar R. Fielder
Ask anything... not too personal... that's none of your business. -- Billy Joel
Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if one went to Harvard). -- Edgar R. Fiedler
Ask me about PWC (parents without camcorders) chapters near you.
Ask me sometime about my vow of silence.
Ask me what is on the bracelet I wear on my right wrist next time you see me, and I'll make the appropriate noises. -- Megan Coughlin
Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you will pay only the station-to-station rate. -- Howard Kandel
Ask not for whom the bell tolls... if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
Ask not what I can do for you. Ask what you can do for me. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Ask not what you can do for your country, but what your country is doing to you.
Ask not what your country can do for you, but rather what you can do for your country. -- Marcus Tullius Cecero (Roman orator and statesman, 63 B.C.)
Ask not what your program can do for you, ask what it does it to.
Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take 'Go to hell' for an answer.
Asked about his philosophy of life, President Harry S Truman, a farmboy at heart, replied, "Never kick a fresh turd on a hot day." -- Merle Miller
Asking him for a certain level of complexity would be like asking a bison to crap silver dollars. -- Mr. Cranky
Asking if computers can think is like asking if submarines can swim.
Asking me about analogies is like... okay, I may be the wrong man to ask. -- John Laroquette
Asking the question 'Why?' is like pulling one leg off a centipede. It gets you nowhere. -- Mad About You
Asking where Lotus Notes is now is a bit like asking what Jennifer Aniston's been doing with herself since her 1992 appearance in an episode of the TV show Herman's Head. The fact is that more people now know about Aniston--and Notes--than they ever did. And the longer people are exposed to either, the less they like the experience. -- C|Net
ASPCA outraged that Lunar Rover abandoned on airless moon. -- Top 5
Asps... very dangerous... you go first. -- Sallah (Raiders of the Lost Ark)
Ass, n.: The masculine of "lass".
Assassination is an extreme form of censorship.
Assassins aim to please.
Assassins do it from behind.
Assembler programmers do it one-to-one.
Assembler programmers drive stick shifts.
Assembler, n.: One who drops his card deck.
Assembly language is also available. -- Jordan Henderson (jordan@hackercorp.com)
Assume a virtue, if you have it not. -- William Shakespeare (Hamlet)
Assumption is the mother of all screwups...
Astral projection is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage. -- Woody Allen
Astronauts are out to launch.
Astronomers do it under the stars.
Astronomers say the universe is finite, which is a comforting thought for those people who can't remember where they leave things.
Astronomy: The art of creating meaningful results from marginal data.
At 20, we don't care what the world thinks of us; at 30, we start to worry about what it thinks of us; at 40, we realize that it isn't thinking of us at all.
At a baseball game, why do they call them the stands if everyone is sitting down?
At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.
At age fifty, every man has the face he deserves. -- George Orwell
at any rate, from what i understand, this radical new technology that wired describes above has actually been in production since the early 1980s, although it's been kept secret by the media gestapo who want to keep the public's awareness of new media minimized. sony developed the first prototyped, codenamed the "Walkman" -- it featured a miniaturized, portable Frequency Modulation radio transceiver -- but desipte its perceived market viability, it never made it out to the general public. -- Andrew Stellman
At certain times I like sex. Like after a cigarette. -- Rodney Dangerfield
At dawn, a Unicorn will pause in his pursuits and gaze into the rising sun perhaps as a form of devotion.
At first glance, there's a lot of sex on the Internet. Or not at first glance: Nobody can find anything on the Internet at first glance. -- Senator Patrick Leahy
At first it's booty, but then eventually it's just ice-tea. -- Joshua Nowell
At first the dog was named Ben, but then it had puppies. Now it's Ben Hur.
At first, I was opposed to the so-called satellite mind-control transmissions. -- Barbara Rush
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats. -- The Washington Post Magazine (June 9, 1985)
At least Congress cannot make death worse each year.
At least get the masonic pyramid off the $1 bill. -- Slacker
At least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand. -- J. B. White
At least one way of measuring the freedom of any society is the amount of comedy that is permitted, and clearly a healthy society permits more satirical comment than a repressive, so that if comedy is to function in some way as a safety release then it must obviously deal with these taboo areas. This is part of the responsibility we accord our licensed jesters, that nothing be excused the searching light of comedy. If anything can survive the probe of humour it is clearly of value, and conversely all groups who claim immunity from laughter are claiming special privileges which should not be granted. -- Eric Idle
At Mach 3, coffee does not get served. It gets Vaporised. SR-71A: As NOT seen on Russian Radar. -- Vijay Gill
At Microsoft, they eat their own dog food. At Apple, we drink or own Kool-Aid. -- Ernest Prabhakar
AT MOST 3% of what either of us do is worth knowing. -- Rohit Khare
At my lemonade stand I used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass. The refill contained the antidote.
At night I went out into the dark and I saw a glimmering star and heard a frog and Nature seemed to say, Well do not these suffice? -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
At our university, you're not just a number. You're 3 numbers, and a dash, then 2 more numbers, and another dash, and then four more numbers!
at school we were going to set up a subdepartment of the fashion police devoted to ticketing men who attempted to grow facial hair without a permit... hippie school = many 18 year old boys who looked like they'd wiped their mouths on a weasel after eating something particularly sticky -- Ilen Zazueta-Hall
At Sears, our mechanics hear noises other mechanics don't!
At social functions, DON't introduce your husband as "my domain server".
At some point, most engineers like myself start to think of computers as just a tool, like a glorified screwdriver. Or, more likely, they think of them as crappy pieces of junk, a necessary evil in modern society. -- Josh Carter
At that moment I knew. I knew the way you know about a good melon. -- When Harry Met Sally
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since. -- Salvador Dali
At the beginning there was the Word; at the end just the Cliche. -- Stanislaw J. Lec
At the core of dualism, according to Zen, are words - just plain words. The use of words is inherently dualistic, since each word represents, quite obviously, a conceptual category. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
At the end of every pot of gold, there's a rainbow. -- David Farber
At the end of the day, it's balls in the back of the net that counts.
At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be "What is Hell?" Come early and listen to our choir practice.
At the feast of ego, everyone leaves hungry.
At the fresh fish counter in the supermarket, you can buy real squid. -- Calvin
At the IFIP congress in 1971, I had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Eiichi Goto of Japan, who cheerfully complained that he was always being eliminated. -- Donald E. Knuth (Structured Programming with Go To Statements)
At the innermost core of all loneliness is a deep and powerful yearning for union with one's lost self. -- Brendan Francis
At the rate America is decaying morally, we shall have to change our national symbol from an eagle to a vulture. -- Vance Havner
At the rate we're going, hell may freeze before our next release.
At the record company meeting, on their hands a dead star... -- the Smiths
At the sand castle competition, I made a beach.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
At the suggestion of my reproductive system, I suggest that we create a new CMU bboard called "I left my penis logged in." -- Drew Olbrich
At the suggestion of several nanog readers, my traceroute 2.9.4 has been renumbered to The All New TrACESroute 6.0 GOLD. Note that this is a higher revision level than either Netscape 4.8, IE5, or AOL 5, and is therefore the clearly superior software. * [...] * In the United Kingdom, please consider this superiour software. -- Ehud Gavron
At the Unix conference, each hotel room had a copy of K and R in the bedside drawer, left by the Gideons.
At the women's conference, Hillary Clinton said there will be "no more timidity, no more submissiveness, no more second class status in the world." From now on, Bill Clinton is going to be more aggressive.
At this point, wanting to get my point across with the proper sign language, I tried to strangle him. -- Nikki Gustas
At this they hauled ass back to Inker for a VAST pizza and gallons of beer leaving Thomas to rust quietly. -- Voxers
AT&T has Bell Labs, and we have Bill Joy. We get a lot more for our money. -- Scott McNealy
AT&T says 122.5 million calls were placed on Mother's Day - 100 million to moms, 22 million to grandmothers, and half a million to something called 1-900-HOT-MAMA.
AT&T Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization!
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Atheist's Manifesto: Kill 'em all, and let nobody sort 'em out.
Atheists have no one to talk to at orgasm.
Atlas doesn't do it (back problems you know...)
Atlee is a very modest man. And with reason. -- Winston Churchill
Attempt to overdose on a lethal combination of J&B and M&M's. -- Top 5
Attention K-Mart shoppers, there's a blue light special now going on in the jock strap department. -- Butt-head
Attention, NeXT and BeOS bigots: I don't need any flak about your poxy operating systems, OK? Write your own column. -- Joel Spolsky
Attitudes like mine and Mr. Woodford's are not only correct, but to think the opposite is to bring our country to complete moral downfall through a satanic lie. -- Andy Byler
Attorneys are paranoid because they assume everybody else is dishonest too.
ATWOOD'S FOURTEENTH COROLLARY: No books are lost by lending except those you particularly wanted to keep.
Audience: a group of people who get tired *after* they sit down.
Audiophiles know squat about auditory perception and Shannon's sampling theorem, so we get these misconceptions about CDs and tubes repeated again and again, and these misconceptions influence what people believe they hear when they play their systems (especially audiophiles, who are both near-deaf and extremely gullible). -- William McIlhagga
Auditor, n.: Someone who goes in after the war is lost and bayonets the wounded.
Auditors always reject expense accounts with a bottom line divisible by five.
Auntie Em. Hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. -- Dorothy
Aural sex produces eargasms.
Auribus teneo lupum. (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
Australian kiss, n.: Like a French kiss, but it comes from down under.
Authorities are now saying that the war on drugs will be bigger than World War II. Oh, great... more Time-Life books. -- Jay Leno
Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever depths they were once able to plumb. -- Stanley Kaufman
Auto Repair Service. Free pick-up and delivery. Try us once, you'll never go anywhere again.
Autocracy is based on the theorem that one man is smarter than many.
AUTOEXEC.BAT = Lee Iacocca as a vampire.
Automated, n.: A couple making love in a car.
Automatic simply means that you can't repair it yourself. -- Mark Waldrip
Automobile, n.: A four wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Automobile, n.: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Autopsy is a dying practice.
Available in Hong Kong is a combined telephone, answering machine and fax called Tamfax.
Avalanche, n.: A mountain getting its rocks off.
Average is as close to the bottom as it is to the top.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avery's Observation: It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
Avez-vous la plume de ma tante? Ne travaillez jamais! (This is an actual piece of grafitti in Seattle....) -- Megan Coughlin (translation: Do you have my Aunt's feather? Never work!)
Avian species of identical plumage congregate.
Avid comic book reader asks his friend why life doesn't come with subtitles.
Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
Avoid blue food.
Avoid cliches like the plague. They're a dime a dozen.
Avoid colloquial stuff.
Avoid commas, that are not necessary.
Avoid computer viruses. Practice safe hex.
Avoid GOTOs completely if you can keep the program readable.
Avoid life. It will kill you in the end.
Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as Lord of the Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India or Director of Corporate Planning. -- The Official MBA Handbook on business cards
Avoid popularity if you would have peace. -- Abraham Lincoln
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep. -- National Lampoon (Deteriorada)
Avoid reality at all costs.
Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.
Avoid running at all times. -- Satchel Paige
Avoid September.
Avoid suspicion: when your're walking through your neighbor's melon patch, don't tie your shoe. -- Chinese proverb
Avoid temporary variables and strange women.
Avoid temporary variables.
Avoid the Fortran arithmetic IF.
Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.
Avoid unnecessary branches.
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is a daring adventure or nothing. -- Helen Keller
Aw, Mom, you act like I'm not even wearing a bungee cord! -- Calvin
Awright - don't MAKE me whip out a bottle of Stoli, angst boy... -- Mike Wallace
Awwww its just a Harmless little Bunny
Aye and eye, two words for which no single letter is pronounced.
Aye, Captain, I have to get the Enterprise washed, gassed up, and back to Starfleet Command before they miss 'er! -- Top 5
Ayn Rand was the kind of bold female thinker who should immediately have been a centerpiece of women's studies programs, if the latter were genuinely about women rather than about a cliched, bleeding-heart, victim-obsessed, liberal ideology that dislikes all concrete female achievement. -- Camille Paglia
Ayn Rand? Any encyclopedia that devotes noticable amounts of space to the works of Ayn Rand as philosophy is not an encyclopedia worth buying. -- Nameer Jawdat
B C N U *salute*
Babies are such a nice way to start people. -- Don Herold
Baby talk isn't a word. (Like baby fish mouth is any better?) -- When Harry Met Sally
Baby, if I like gave you some money, would you make out with me? Huh huh. That would be cool. -- Butt-head
Baby, you are so money and you don't even know it. -- Swingers
baby-X holds the position of Rootless Cosmopolitan at Our Lady of Intermittent Availability, where he is a student of the Philosophy of Interference and the Persistence of Vision. -- baby-X
Baby... -- The Late Elvis Presley.
Baby's got a thing for muscle-bound jocks, I collapse a lung just taking off my socks. -- Rugburns
Bacchus, n.: A convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Bachelor, n.: A man who comes and goes.
Bachelor, n.: A man who looks but does not leap. -- McCardie
Bachelor, n.: A man who never makes the same mistake once. -- Ed Wynn
Bachelor, n.: The only species of big game for which the license is taken out after the hunt. -- Thomas Lyness
Bachelors should be heavily taxed. It is not fair that some men should be happier than others. -- Oscar Wilde
Back in the days when men were men, women were property and property was cheap!
Back in the Old Days, there were some mail-reading programs called CUI and VUI. People pronounced them "sooey" and "vooey" and it never used to bug me, but in retrospect I think I would be a happier person today if I had kicked them all in the shins. -- Greg Plesur
Back in the world of disposable emotion... -- Howard Jones
Back of every achievement is a proud wife, and a surprised mother-in-law. -- Brooks Hays
Back off, Grammar Nazi. -- Megan Coughlin
Back off, man, I'm a scientist. -- Peter Venkmann (Ghostbusters)
Back on the job just to earn a few bob for good liquor and grub at the Kilkenny Pub. -- Rugburns
Back on the street I was silent for a while, letting Grahame-Ballard's rifkinesque memes percolate uneasily through my cortex. -- Paul Di Filippo (in Ribofunk)
Back then... those were the naive youthful days of Street Fighter II.... As opposed to the brutal harsh reality of Mortal Kombat II. -- Andrew Crown
Back to Java code. It's the future, or something. -- Sam Kass
Back to reality ... I love Macs and despise ANDREW!!!! ... Andrew is outdated, time consuming, and boring...so there!!! -- Kristen Lepage
Back Up My Hard Drive? How do I Put it in Reverse?
Back Up My Hard Drive? I Can't Find The Reverse Switch
Back Up My Hard Drive? I don't have a license yet
Back-seat driving is a form of duel control.
Backreference is irrelevant. Longest possible match is irrelevant. You will be pattern matched.
Backstrokers do it face up.
Backup - originally to take a security copy of a program or file. Now used interchageably with pirate and steal.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (S)ell Computer
Bad artists copy. Great artists steal. -- Pablo Picasso
Bad command or file name Go stand in the corner.
Bad command or file name. Go sit in corner.
Bad Command or Filename. Or maybe you screwed up.
Bad decisigns will yield bad results, even if improved mechanisms were to insure that they are efficientiy achieved. -- United Nations Association (Words to Deeds: Strengthening the U.N.'s Enforcement Capabilities)
Bad design should make you physically ill. -- Rohit Khare
Bad news about the two lighthouse keepers --- their marriage is on the rocks.
Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said. -- Mel Brooks
Badgers? We don't need no stinkin' badgers! -- UHF
Badges? We ain't got no badges. We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinking badges. -- Treasure of the Sierra Madre
Badness comes in waves.
Baffona, n.: Woman with not unpleasing mustache. -- Hoare (Short Italian Dictionary)
Bagdikian's Observation: Trying to be a first-rate reporter on the average American newspaper is like trying to play Bach's St. Matthew Passion on a ukelele.
Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry: A block grant is a solid mass of money surrounded on all sides by governors.
BAKER'S LAW: You never want the one you can afford.
Balance's Law of Relativity: How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
Baldric, you have the intellectual capacity of a dirty potato. -- Edmund Blackadder
Ball handling and dribbling are my strongest weaknesses. -- David Thompson
Ballerinas are always on their toes. Why don't they just get taller ballerinas? -- Steven Wright
Baloney Bullcraps!!! -- Thanh Boyer
Ban the bomb. Save the world for conventional warfare.
Banectomy, sniglet: The removal of bruises on a banana.
Bank accounts are like toothpaste: easy to take out but hard to put back.
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Bank failures are caused by depositors who don't deposit enough money to cover losses due to mismanagement. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
BankAmerica Corp., the second-largest bank in the country and the largest in the Washington region, reported yesterday that $599 million in losses on securities trading in world markets and a loss of $372 million in bad loans to an investment and hedge fund firm in New York sent its third-quarter earnings down more than 78 percent. The company also revealed for the first time that it has an additional $1 billion in unsecured investments in the firm, D.E. Shaw & Co., and that it has purchased $20 billion in bonds and related securities from it. BankAmerica believes it will be able to hold those securities longer than Shaw could, allowing the bank to get a better price when the market turns around. "This is bad," said Thomas F. Theurkauf, a bank analyst at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. in New York. -- The Washington Post
Bankers do it with interest. However, there is a penalty for early withdrawal.
Bankers' Hours: That part of the day when it is too hot to play golf.
Banks and Cub Scouts and Flying Saucer Cults are not that different from each other, structurally.
BAR 1. The second metasyntactic variable after FOO (q.v.) Suppose we have two functions, FOO and BAR. FOO calls BAR...
BAR 2. Often appended to FOO to produce FOOBAR.
Bar Stool, n.: What Daniel Boone stepped in.
Barach's Rule: An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.
Barbarians do it with anything. (As do orcs.)
Barbarians have great endurance.
Bargain, n.: Something you can't use at a price you can't resist. -- Franklin P. Jones
Barking dogs never bite ... while barking.
Barney and Baby Bop MUST DIE
Barnum was wrong....it's more like every 30 seconds
Barometer, n.: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Baroque, adj.: When you run out of Monet.
Barring that natural expression of villainy which we all have, the man looked honest enough. -- Mark Twain
Bart Simpson on the side of law and order? Has the world gone topsy turvy? -- Principal Skinner
Bart, a woman is like a beer. They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one! (chugs beer) -- Homer Simpson
Bart, if we had $10,000, we'd be millionaires! -- Homer Simpson
Barth's Distinction: There are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't.
Baruch's Observation: If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Base 10 numbers are still not accepted by a number of older people who grew up with shillings and crowns.
Base 2 is a difficult base for computers to perform arithmetic in, particularly if the task involves variables, negative, fixed or floating point numbers.
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers. -- Tom Lehrer
Baseball bat! Baseball bat! Baseball bat! Baseball bat! -- Robert Rodgers
Baseball is a skilled game. It's America's game -- it, and high taxes. -- Will Rogers
Baseball is what we were, and football is what we have become. -- Mary McGrory
Baseball players have leather-covered balls.
Baseball Rules Section 3.12.5: The strike zone shall consist of an area from the kneecap to the midpoint between the waist and shoulders vertically and shall be as wide as the home-plate umpire's hind quarters.
Based on my reason and based on what the latest scientific discoveries of our time have shown me, I am convinced that God exists. However, I do not believe in God as a matter of faith, because unfortunately I have no faith. On the other hand, God is not aware of the existence of Coca-cola, or of Salvador Dalm, much less something called morals... -- Salvador Dali
Based on the book by Sueman and Shyster.
Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? 1. Writing his memoirs of the Civil War. 2. Advising the President. 3. Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin. -- David Letterman
Basic Airline Flying: Keep the pointy end forward
Basic cable, call waiting, free trips to the salad bar... all the things that make this country great. -- PCU
Basic events require simple language. Idiosyncratically euphuistic eccentricities are the promulgators of triturable abfuscation. -- United Technologies
BASIC is to computer programming as qwerty is to typing.
BASIC isn't; C stands for Confusing...
BASIC programmers do it all over the place.
BASIC programmers GOTO it.
Basic research is like shooting an arrow into the air and, where it lands, painting a target. -- Homer Adkins
Basic research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. -- Werner von Braun
Basic research is what I'm doing, when I don't know what I'm doing. --Werner von Braun
Basic, n.: A programming language. Related to certain social diseases in that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.
Basically antisocial is not a crime. -- John Dobbin
Basically, I try to be as charming and ingratiating as I can without making myself vomit. -- Katie Couric
Basically, there appear to be 4 major profit areas: curses, pardons, relics, and selling sexual favors with nuns. -- Blackadder
Basketball players have big rubber balls.
Baskin/Robbins (or should that be Rifkin/Dobbins?) -- Bill Ginn
Bathe her and bring her to my tent--that's what power's all about. -- Bill Maher
Bathe twice a day to be really clean, once a day to be passable clean, and once a week to avoid being a public menace. -- Anthony Burgess
Bathquake, sniglet: The violent quake that rattles the entire house when the water faucet is turned on to a certain point.
Batman is the hero any of us could be, given determination, exercise, and deep psychological trauma. -- Chris Jarocha-Ernst
Baud, n.: A woman who keeps a brothel
Baudrillard treated the ideas of Marx, Freud and Nietzsche with much the same attitude that J.G. Ballard's characters brought to automobiles. They were sexiest when accelerated to high speeds and brought into collision. -- Scott McLemee
BBBBBRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTZZZZZZZZZZZZKKKKKKKKIIIIIIIII!!! -- Herman's Head
BBS, n.: Tall tales told by insects that produce honey.
BBS: a method to triple your phone bill.
BDA Quarterly is not a comic book!
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you into trouble. -- Frank Tyger
Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for. -- David Starr Jordan
Be a loof; aren't you sick of being a lert?
Be admonished that an equine presented as a donation should not be espied orally.
Be affectionate to one who adores you.
BE ALERT (The world needs more lerts ...)
Be alert ... we need all the lerts we can get.
Be alert, the world needs more lerts.
Be alert. Your country needs more lerts.
Be apathetic today. I think I'll leave it till tomorrow.
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity. -- Horace Mann
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet. Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face. -- National Lampoon (Deteriorada)
Be assured that if you knew all, you would pardon all. -- Thomas `a Kempis
Be aware that a halo has to fall only a few inches to be a noose. -- Dan McKinnon
Be bold in what you stand for and careful what you fall for. -- Ruth Boorstin
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds. -- Homer
Be braver. You cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
Be careful how you think; your life is shaped by your thoughts. -- Proverbs 4:23
Be careful Is it classified?
Be careful not to throw the baby out with the bath water.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint. -- Mark Twain
Be careful what you shoot at. Most things in here don't react too well to bullets. -- Hunt for Red October
Be careful what you show - and what you don't show.
Be careful what you wish for, you might get it.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Be careful when playing under an anvil tree.
Be careful who you hang out with because proximity breeds sensitivity. -- Charisse Jacobs
Be careful! Is it classified?
Be careful, it is very difficult to determine who that right person is... especially if you're drunk and horny. -- The Spot
Be careful, the last person using this keyboard had a terminal disease.
Be careful. The last person using this keyboard had a terminal disease.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
Be concerned about your future. You'll spend the rest of your life there.
Be consistent, but don't do it all the time.
Be consistent. -- Larry Wall
Be courageous. It's the only place left uncrowded. -- Anita Roddick
Be creative, invent a perversion.
Be different: conform.
Be economical with the truth.
Be excellent to each other and party on, dudes. -- Bill and Ted
Be excellent to each other..
Be free and open and breezy Enjoy Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Be happy with the real pleasures in life.
Be happy. It is a way of being wise. -- Colette
Be kind to your inferiors, if you can find any.
Be moderate where pleasure is concerned, avoid fatigue.
Be more or less specific.
Be nice to me. I'm out of valium.
Be nice to people on your way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
Be Nice to Your Enemies, It Drives Them Nuts.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Be not simply good; be good for something. -- Thoreau
Be patient with those who are slower than you, for they make you look better.
Be regular and orderly in your life, that you may be violent and original in your work. -- Cliver Barker
Be safe: be suspicious. -- Brazil
Be security conscious - National defense is at stake.
Be security conscious --- because 80 percent of people are caused by accident.
Be security conscious, because 80% of people are caused by accident.
Be seeing you.
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
Be slow in choosing a friend, but slower in changing him. -- Scottish Proverb
Be strong and of a good courage. Act for the best, hope for the best and take what comes... If death ends all, we cannot meet death better. -- Fitzjames Stephen (1874)
Be sure not to bend, mutilate, or spindle. Especially spindle. -- Farooq Butt
Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.
Be sure to treat your assumptions as though they are reality.
Be sure you spell me name correctly: G-E-O-R-G-E W-I-L-L. -- Dave Barry
Be tactful; overlook not your own opportunity.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -- Henry David Thoreau
Be valiant, but not too venturous. Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
Be very, very careful what you put into that head, because you will never, ever get it out. -- Thomas Cardinal Wolsey
Be virtuous and you will be eccentric. -- Mark Twain
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Be wewy wewy quiet...I'm hunting Womulins
Beals' Law: Free food contains no calories.
Beam me aboard Scotty. Aye, will a 2x4 do captain?
Beam me up Scotty. There's no intelligent life down here. -- Capt. James T. Kirk
Beam me up Scotty. This isn't the men's room.
Beam me up, Scotty
Beam me up, Scotty, but leave the others here.
Beam me up, Scotty, This planet sucks
Beam me up, Scotty. There's no intelligent life down here. -- Capt. James T. Kirk
Beam me up, there's no intelligent life here
Beans are neither fruit nor musical. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!
Beat me, whip me, make me read my Qmail
Beaten can be eaten without a b. -- Adam Rifkin
Beauregard's Law: When you're up to your nose, keep your mouth shut.
Beautiful legs are sometimes without equal, but bow-legs are always without parallel.
Beautiful story. Kinda gets you right HERE -- Q
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beauty and the best. -- Adam Rifkin
Beauty and the breast? A tail as old as time. -- John Dobbin
Beauty can be sad; you're proof of that. When the damage is done, you're damaged goods. -- Juliana Hatfield
Beauty fades, and attitudes go out of style. -- Michelle Gardner
Beauty is everlasting, and dust is for a time. -- Marianne Moore
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder....
Beauty is in the eye of the beerholder.
Beauty is in the eye of the beheld.
Beauty is in the hand of the groper. -- John Dobbin
Beauty is only a light switch away. -- Perkins Library (Duke University, Durham, North Carolina)
Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense. -- Kim Hubbard
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone. -
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Beauty is only skin deep, ugliness goes to the bone.
Beauty is only skin deep. But ugly... now that's probably got some nasty roots on it. -- Crabby Road
Beauty is truth, truth beauty. -- John Keats
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time. -- Albert Camus
Beauty isn't everything. Money is. -- Andy Maskin
Beauty seen is never lost. -- John Greenleaf Whittier
Beauty seldom recommends one to another.
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
Beavis, you're a damned weirdo. -- Butt-head
BEAVIS: Hey Butt-Head. Are those guys from Seattle? BUTT-HEAD: No, Ass-Munch! They're American.
Beavis: I wanna do every single girl in this video. Butt-head: You wanna do every single girl in EVERY video, Beavis.
Because dinner in California is so important. -- Mani Chandy
Because I can be. -- Heathers
Because I was a gazillionaire, I'd cut the grass for free. -- Forrest Gump
Because modeling is lucrative, I'm able to save up and be more particular about the acting roles I take. -- Kathy Ireland
Because of a new government ban on chlorofluorocarbons, the US Air Force is to refit all its nuclear missiles with new cooling systems which don't use CFCs. This is to protect the environment while they wait to deliver terminal global warming. The Environmental Protection Agency concedes that it may be 'ironic' to make nuclear missiles more eco-friendly, but regulations are regulations.
Because of one paragraph the bank took off of his property, it was clause and effects.
Because of the subtlety of differences within the same range of styles, it took more time to fathom other people than it does to read their philosophical bottom lines, so to speak, on their pants, buttons, caps or T-shirts. To probe candidates for friendship and other intimacies, one had to talk to them, which is unquestionably less efficient than it is to look around a room, decide, "They're all jerks," and go home and play computer games. -- Miss Manners
Because the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars. -- Jack Kerouac (On the Road)
Because the wine remembers.
Because Unix lacks a uniform policy, every executable program, every configuration file, and every start-up script become a critical point. Put another way, the only secure Unix system is one with the power turned off. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Because without a degree you might end up like Bill Gates or something. -- Sam Kass
Because you're an idiot. -- Heathers
Because, as you recall from chemistry class, fire is essentially the rapid combination of oxygen with the cosine to form the Tigris and Euphrates rivers (or something along those lines). -- Dave Barry
Become your own news admin, and you can censor the groups *you* find offensive. comp.sys.amiga.advocacy would be my first choice. -- Nathan Loofbourrow
Bed of nails, n.: Where a test programmer sleeps.
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
BEDFELLOWS RULE: The one who snores will fall asleep first.
Bedrock does support a form of drag and drop. Development dragged on for about 2 years, and then was dropped. -- Brian Clark
Been around the world and found that only stupid people were breeding, the cretins cloning and feeding, and I don't even own a TV. -- Harvey Danger (Flagpole Sitta)
Been saved again by the garbage truck. -- Tori Amos
been there, done that, got the death threats -- Geoff Spear
Been there, done that, threw away the t-shirt. -- Joshua Schachter
been there. don't want to do it again. LIVE GEEKY OR DIE. -- Lori Hylan
Been Transferred Lately?
Beep Invalid Input. I take only cash....
Beer and guns don't usually mix, but it isn't a very powerful one. -- Sean Desmond
Beer before whiskey, pretty risky.
Beer is your best friend. Consume as much of it as possible. You're a freshman, so women are out of the question. -- PCU
Beer isn't just for breakfast anymore. -- Bumper sticker
Beer nuts are about a dollar, and deer nuts are under a buck.
Beer undergoes no color conversion in transition from input to output (GIGO).
BEER! and MENTOS! THE FRESHMAKER!!! Together they lysol your mouth clean!
BEER! It's not just for breakfast anymore.
Beer, of course, is actually a depressant. But poor people will never stop hoping otherwise. -- Kurt Vonnegut
Bees are very busy souls; they have no time for birth controls. And that is why in times like these there are so many Sons of Bees.
Before anyone passes judgment, remember: we *are* in the Arctic. -- X Files
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
Before every stage performance, I tell the cast members to break a leg. Then I take a club and whack one of them on the shin. Man, I love the way theater is so ironic. -- Paul Paternoster
Before giving a piece of your mind to someone make sure you can spare it.
Before Honor is humility. -- Proverbs
Before I started working here I drank, smoked, and used foul language for no reason at all. But thanks to this job, I now have a reason. -- Fitz McKinzie
Before marriage, a man yearns for the woman he loves. After marriage, the 'Y' becomes silent.
Before summer came around, I sent a letter to the dean of EE... where I announced my intentions... to defect.
Before the election Bill Clinton promised to raise taxes on everyone making more than $200,000. After the election Bill Clinton accepts a job that pays exactly $200,000. -- Jay Leno
Before the Gulf War started, the Iraqi Army was the the fourth largest in the world. Now, its the second largest army in Iraq. -- Wall Street Journal (March 15, 1991)
Before there were junk stores, before there was junk, he lived with his mother and repeated himself. -- They Might Be Giants
Before they made him they broke the mold. -- David Farber
Before this decade is out we will put a man on the moon. -- John F. Kennedy
Before this, I was paralyzed. You are the sand in my oyster :-) -- Rohit Khare
Before TV nobody knew what a headache looked like.
Before we meaningfully consider OSF, it needs to get deployed in more than just books. -- Steve Baker
Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
Before you criticize people, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you've got a mile-long head start... and you have their shoes. -- The Lion
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them... you are a mile away AND you have their shoes.
Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot of frogs.
Before you started talking, you used to have a brain. -- Offspring
Begathon, sniglet: A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money.
Beggars should be abolished. It annoys one to give to them, and it annoys one not to give to them. -- Nietzsche
Beggars should be no choosers. -- John Heywood
Begin to weave and God will give the thread. -- German Proverb
Begin well, end badly; begin badly, end worse.
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out
Behaviorist psychology -- pulling habits out of rats.
Behind almost every woman you ever heard of stands a man who let her down. -- Naiomi Bliven
Behind every absurdity there lies a basic truth. Behind every basic truth there lies an absurdity.
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
Behind every big man ..... is a big behind
Behind every complaint is a request that's being masked.
Behind every succesfull man is woman with nothing to wear
Behind every successful man stands an exhausted woman. Behind her stands his wife.
Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.
Behind every successful woman is a pile of unwashed laundry.
Behind my back I can see them stare, they'll hurt me bad but I don't mind, they'll hurt me bad, they do it all the time. -- Violent Femmes
Behind the door I keep the universe. -- the Dentists
Behind your back, your colleagues are talking about Jeckyl and Hyde.
Behold the warranty ... the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
Behold the warranty... the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
Beholders like to watch.
Beifeld's Principle: The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
Being a Democratic President these days is a lot like owning a cemetery. There are lots of people under you but nobody's listening.
Being a frog isn't as bad as it seems. Whenever anything bugs them, they eat it.
Being a moral paragon can be fun. You wouldn't believe how many beautiful people want to date me simply because I'm so goddamm high-minded.
Being a Senior every year is fun. How many years in a row should I have my picture put in the yearbook? -- Sam Kass
Being a vampire really sucks.
Being a woman, I really only have access to the equipment 30, 40 minutes a week. And that's on a GOOD week. -- Elaine (on Seinfeld)
Being able to recognize a woman by silhouette proves to be both necessary and cost-effective. Babe... or troll? -- The Opposite Sex
Being an OOP programmer without knowing Smalltalk is like being a Christian preacher without knowing the Scriptures
Being blond is definitely a different state of mind. I can't really put my finger on it, but the artifice of being blond has some incredible sort of sexual connotation. -- Madonna
Being broke is better than being broken. Being toked is better than being a token. And it's better to be ironic than iconic. -- Adam Rifkin
Being condescending and rude is appropriate when an argument is so pointless and stupid that one needs that "extra special edge" to win. -- Justin Maxwell
Being disintegrated makes me very angry... very angry indeed. -- Marvin Martian
Being divorced is just like being single... only with a LOT less furniture.
Being functional takes intelligence, but nobody ever seems to give credit for it. -- John Dobbin
Being in the Beatles is like being an astronaut who has been to the moon. What do you do with the rest of your life? -- Paul McCartney
Being in the Pacific northwest instantly makes a female lots more attractive.
Being intelligent is not a felony. But most societies evaluate it as at least a misdemeanor. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Being miserable and treating other people like crap is every New Yorker's God given right. -- Ghostbusters 2
Being natural is simply a pose.
Being off the Internet is like being dead. -- Bruce Sherrod
Being one man too many, Ensign Extra is booted off the E.
Being politically correct means always having to say you're sorry. -- Charles Osgood
Being rich isn't about money. Being rich is a state of mind. Some of us, no matter how much money we have, will never be free enough to take time to stop and eat the heart of the watermelon. And some of us will be rich without ever being more than a paycheck ahead of the game. -- Harvey B. Mackay,
Being small and simple is more important than being complete and correct. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Being snubbed by beauticians is not my idea of a good time. -- Real Genius
Being soft-spoken is a much more attractive quality for a geek... A soft-spoken geek is endearing, an underdog. A loud, obnoxious geek is just grating. Look at Vince DelVecchio -- he's soft-spoken, yet geekly. He gets laid. -- Andrew Stellman
Belief is not a voluntary thing. A man believes or disbelieves in spite of himself. They tell us that to believe is the safe way; but I say, the safe way is to be honest. -- Robert Ingersoll (Some Reasons Why I Am a Freethinker)
Believe in miracles but don't depend on them. When you hear kind word spoken about a friend, tell him so. Spoil your spouse, not your children. Never make fun of someone who speaks broken English. It means they know another language. To help your children turn out well, spend twice as much time with them and half as much money. -- H.Jackson Brown Jr.
Believe it or not George isn't at home, please leave a message after the beep. -- George's answering machine on Seinfeld (to the tune of The Greatest American Hero)
Believe nothing - Dare all -- Nizari Isma'ilis saying
Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact. -- William Jones
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
Belladonna, n.: In Italian, a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison. A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues. -- Ambrose Bierce
Bells and whistles, n.: Trinkets for the computer
Belonephobia, n.: An abnormal fear of sharply pointed objects, especially needles.
Ben and Jerry's send the waste from making ice cream to local pig farmers to use as feed. Pigs love the stuff, except for one flavor: Mint Oreo.
Ben, I threw food at you to make you shut up. It hasn't worked. If you don't shut up, I want my food back. -- Dale Newfield
Beneath the noble bird, between the proudest words, behind the beauty, cracks appear.
BENEDICT'S PRINCIPLE (formerly MURPHY'S NINTH COROLLARY): Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Benjamin Franklin produced electricity by rubbing cats backwards.
Benny Hill was the master of the single entendre.
Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence -- Time Bandits
Benson, you are so mercifully free of the ravages of intelligence. -- Time Bandits
Bent beaver board basically buckles beautifully between badly beveled beams because badly beveled beams basically buckle bent beaver board beautifully.
Bentley's observation: There's nothing wrong that a total rewrite wouldn't fix.
Bertrand Russell "spent a summer looking at a blank page," after he asked, "Does the set of sets which do not include themselves, include itself?" How can it be that language can be shut down so completely? -- Mack Rhinelander
BERYL'S LAW: The CONSUMER REPORT on the item will come out a week after you buy the item.
Besides, it is clearly a bunny rabbit -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Besides, we don't make mistakes here, we just have happy accidents. -- Bob Ross (Joy of Painting)
Best euphamism for boffing: taking Mr. One-Eye to the optometrist... -- John Klassa
Best file compression around DEL *.* - 100% comp.
Best file compression around: "DEL *.*" = 100% compression
Best file compression around: DEL *.* = 100% compress
Best file compressor around: DEL *.* (100% compression)
Best of all they've made movies that don't require much thought. You can't ask for more than that........ -- John Dobbin
Best of Both Worlds? Hermaphoditic porn. Starlets with both organs. You should see the box. Hey, I like to expand my horizons. -- Clerks
Bet you didn't know that Xerox holds the patent on Ethernet, did you? -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Better an unfair distribution of wealth than a perfect equality of fear. -- P.J. O'Rourke on why the Russians are better off as capitalists
Better cut it into four pieces. I can't eat eight pieces. -- Yogi Berra
Better dead than mellow.
Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.
Better late than never. -- Titus Livius (Livy)
Better latent than never.
Better latex than never. -- Adam Rifkin
Better learn to go it alone, recognize you're all on your own. -- Chess
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Better living through chemistry, man. More like better loving through chemistry, woman. -- the ARs
Better make it four. I don't think I can eat eight. -- Yogi Berra on how many slices his pizza should be cut into
Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when you're coming home, his face might burn up. -- Jack Handey
Better than life. -- Red Dwarf
Better than sitting on our elbows all day. -- Blackadder IV
Better than The Anarchist's Cookbook? The babblings of a demented old man with alzheimer's disease is better than the anarchist's cookbook. -- Mike Collins
Better the gurgling of a camel than the prayers of a fish.
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
Better to have convictions and act on them, even if they are wrong, than to waffle in indecision endlessly.
Better to have loved a short girl, than never to have loved a tall.
Better to let people think you a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt. -- Mark Twain
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. (Motto of the Christopher Society)
better to misplace cat5 than to misplace 5 cats
Better to put off today what you can do next week.
Better to reign in hell than serve in heav'n. -- John Milton
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. -- Abraham Lincoln
Better to send ten ambulances when they are not needed than one when it is.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Better tried by twelve than carried by six. -- Jeff Cooper
Between gangs, British nannies, and O.J., nobody gives a rat's ass about a hair-covered snarling killer anymore. -- Top 5
Between stimulus and response there is decision. -- George X. Torres
Between the great things we cannot do and the small things we will not do, the danger is that we shall do nothing. -- Adolph Monod
Between the known and the unknown are the doors of perception.
Between the time saved always using the car pool lane and the hassle saved never cleaning bird crap off of your car, it's a wonder more people don't drive with scarecrows in the passenger seat. -- Dave James
Between the Unicorn and maidens lies a secret bond not known by men. For... women have not the thirst for dominion over others by which men are constantly possessed. Those who crave dominion over others seldom suffer themselves to be led.... Know yourselves, brethren: Are ye as wise as ye flatter yourselves to be? He who wishes to lead, let him learn to follow.
Between two evils, always pick the one you never tried before.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. --Mae West
Beverly Center? Oh please. They show previews for foreign movies. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Beware being lost in the abysses of the mind.
Beware low flying ducks
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes. -- Thore
Beware of any doctor who tries to take your temperature with his finger.
Beware of Bigfoot
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. -- Donald Knuth
Beware of bugs in the above program. I proved it correct, I did not try it. -- Donald E. Knuth
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Beware of geeks bearing GIF's.
Beware of Geeks bearing gifs.
Beware of geeks bearing gift economies. -- Suck
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Beware of Geeks bearing grifts.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware of low-flying rocks.
Beware of men who flourish with hereditary honors. -- Latin Proverb
Beware of poets who read their verse in public; they have other nasty habits. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers. -- Leonard Brandwein
Beware of quantum ducks. Quark Quark
Beware of quantum ducks: quark, quark.
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before. He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way. -- Kurt Vonnegut
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
Beware of those wearing suspenders with belts.
Beware the fury of a patient man. -- John Dryden
Beware the granfalloon.
Beware the legless man who teaches running.
Beware the lollipop of mediocrity. Lick it once and you suck forever.
Beware the man with white feathers and an orange mouth, for he is a duck in disguise.
Beware the new TTY code!
Beware the thirty-first of November.
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet. Then all things are at risk. It is as when a conflagration has broken out in a great city, and no man knows what is safe, or where it will end. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beware! The teddy bears of today still carry the vestigial claws of their ancestors...
Beware, people. Every time I put some money into the stock market, it dies, and I'm about to do it again.
Bewilderment is its precise purpose, for when one is in a bewildered state, one's mind does begin to operate nonlogically, to some extent. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Beyond a critical point within a finite space, freedom diminishes as numbers increase. This is as true of humans in the finite space of a planetary ecosystem as it is of gas molecules in a sealed flask. The human question is not how many can possibly survive within the system, but what kind of existence is possible for those who do survive. -- Pardot Kynes (Dune)
Beyond each corner new directions lie in wait. -- Stanislaw Lec
beyond the humor event horizon is a universe bound entirely by lame forwards -- Joshua Schachter
BFA? B.F.D. I'm through with the whole wank-a-rama. -- Reality Bites
BhlarneyStone: For benchmarking vapourware.
Bicarbonate of soda taken before retiring makes you feel better the next day.
Bid opening, n.: A poker game in which the losing hand wins.
Big and Very Big Hole Drilling. Is this the sequel to Small and Very Small Hole Drilling? I loved that book. -- John Dobbin
Big book, big bore.
Big breasts are popular, people look around, they say, "Oh, there's lots of big breasts -- they're very big, they're scary, someone might get their eye put out. I'm going to vote for Buchanan." ... It's not that "Political times are repressive, ergo we like big breasts" but that "There are a lot of big breasts around, ergo we get scared and we get conservative." And, conversely, like in the sixties you had people like Penelope Tree and Twiggy, and people looked around and said, "Oh, there's lots of small breasts around -- it's okay, it's safe. I'm going to join a commune and take drugs." -- Gregory (Radio show caller, as quoted in Esquire, Feb 1999)
Big Brother is watching.
Big doesn't necessarily mean better. Sunflowers aren't better than violets. -- Edna Ferber
Big things come in .QWK packages.
Big whorls have little whorls which feed their velocity, and little whorls have lesser whorls, And so on to viscosity.
Bigamist, n.: Dense fog in Italy.
Bigamy is having one husband to many. Monogamy is the same. -- Erica Jong
Bigamy is having one spouse too many. Monogamy is the same.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same. -- Oscar Wilde
Bigger burgers are back. Calories and juiciness are in. -- Ron Paul (President of Technomic Inc., a restaurant consulting company in Chicago, Aug 1997)
Biggest security gap - an open mouth.
Bill and Ted of Borg: Borgus!
Bill Chase writes that he plans to be more assertive... "That is, if it's OK with the group."
Bill Clinton has got no choice but to continue to lie. -- Rush Limbaugh
Bill Clinton may not stand for anything, but he's got friends with convictions.
Bill Gates is a monocle and a Persian Cat away from being the villain in a James Bond movie. -- Dennis Miller
Bill Gates is supposed to be some great techno-wizard. What, because he wrote a BASIC interpreter once in the late 70's? (As far as I know, that and his child are the only things that Gates has actually created, and even with his child, I'm sure his wife did most of the work.) -- Sam Kass
Bill Gates made $6.3 Billion selling us MS-DOS?
Bill Gates says bandwidth should be free. We think software should be free. But it's not. -- John Sidgemore (CEO, UUnet, COO, MCI Worldcom)
Bill Gates says no matter how much more power we can supply, he'll develop some really exciting software that will bring the machine to its knees. -- David House (Intel VP)
Billy Bob Clinton... how is someone so chunky, so smooth? -- Dennis Miller
Binary, adj.: Possessing the ability to have friends of both sexes.
Binary, n.: Sale slogan for hair removing cream
Bio-personals: Gene therapy graduate. After years of producing nothing but gibberish, I've shed my exons and am ready to express my introns. All I need is a cute vector to introduce me to the right host.
Bio-personals: Highly sensitive, orally active small molecule seeks stable well-structured receptor who knows size isn't everything.
Bio-personals: I don't always express myself on the surface, but I'm looking for a signal that you appreciate my complexity. Send me the right message that will penetrate my membranes, turn on my protein expression and release my potential energy.
Bio-personals: I'm a prolific progenitor with great potential for growth and self-renewal. Call me if you're a potent hematopoietic factor who still believes in endless nights of colony stimulation.
Bio-personals: I've been single-stranded too long! Lonely ATGCATG would like to pair up with congenial TACGTAC.
Bio-personals: Mature cell seeks same who still enjoys cycling and won't go apoptotic on me. Let's fight senescence together!
Bio-personals: Menge a trois! Ligands seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosphorylation. Let's get together and transduce some signals.
Bio-personals: My RNA, I'm sorry I misread your UAAUAAUAA and inserted three tyrosines when you repeatedly asked me to stop. Something got lost in the translation. Please forgive me.
Bio-personals: Naked DNA with sticky ends seeks kanamycin-resistant plasmid. EcoR1 sites prefered.
Bio-personals: Some dates have called me a promotor. Others have referred to me as a real operator. Personally, I think I'm just a cute piece of DNA who is still looking for that special transcription factor to help me unwind.
Bio-personals: There must be a rational way to meet a date! I'm tired of hanging out in those molecular diversity bars, hoping to randomly bump into the right peptide. I want a molecule that will fit right into my active sight and really turn me on. I'll send you my crystal structure if you send me yours!
Bio-personals: This very selective oliogonucleotide has been probing for just the right target for long term hybridization.
Bio-personals: Uninhibited virus seeks reason to make me shed my coat protein.
Biography: One of the terrors of death.
Biology grows on you.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
BIOS = Bugs Inherited from Older Systems -- simon@otago.ac.nz
Bipolar, adj.: Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo, New York
Bird feeders also double as cat feeders.
Bird lives.
BirdInHand = 2 x InTheBush;
Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car. -- Marlys Bradley
Birds take off at sunrise. On the opposite side of the world, they are landing at sunset. This causes the earth to spin on its axis.
Birth control pills are habit forming.
Birth, Copulation, and Death. That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks. -- T.S. Elliot
Birth, n.: The first and direst of all disasters. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Birth-control pills are habit forming.
Birthdays are good for you. Studies have shown that those who have the most birthdays live the longest. -- Sean Simmons
Birthquake, n.: A term to describe a woman's contractions during labor.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. -- Woody Allen
Bit happens.
Bit, n.: Past tense of byte.
Bit, n.: The increment by which programmers slowly go mad.
Bitchin' camaro, bitchin' camaro, I ran over my neighbor. -- Dead Milkmen
Bitching at sysadmins: it's a spectator sport. -- Martin Frankel
Bite into a Bjork peppermint patty, and get the sensation of being on a tall mountain freezing your ass off in Iceland. -- Richard Goodman
Bite me. eat chocolate -- Jody Prival
Bite my lip and close my eyes, take me away to paradise. -- Green Day
Biting off more than you can chew is a proven way to cut some wisdom teeth.
Bitmaps aren't scalable, right? You can't do anything with them. They're nonsensical. Bitmaps are not graphics; they're the display result of graphics. You can't express graphics in dots, and a bitmap does not have a metric. It has no meaning. -- Robert Cailliau
Bitter it is indeed, in human Fate When Life's supreme temptation comes too late. -- John Masefield
Bitter winter, fiction dogs are starving. -- Jim Morrison
Biz is better.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Bizoos, sniglet: The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a basketball.
Black and white would capture the moment so nicely, don't you think? -- 16 Candles
Black holes are outta sight!
Black holes are where God is dividing by zero.
Black holes were created when God divided by 0.
Black's Law Dictionary defines "pro se" as "Appearing for oneself, as in the case of one who does not retain a lawyer and appears for himself in court." Judges define "pro se" as "idiot." -- Jay Laefer
Blackberries are red when they are green.
Bladrick, have you been eating dung again? -- Blackadder II
Blah.
Blah...I'm bored. Let's go out and get new girlfriends. -- Joshua Schachter
Blaming society for your problems is like blaming crowds for rain. -- Robert Rodgers
Blarney, n.: 1. Smooth, flattering talk. 2. Deceptive nonsense. [ After the Blarney Stone in Blarney Castle, Blarney, Ireland]
Bleed on me, only if it matters, my little star. -- Muzzle
Blessed are the cracked because they let in the light.
Blessed are the Greeks
Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the meek, for they shall be slaughtered. -- Blackadder
Blessed are the meek, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the pessimists, for they make backups!
Blessed are the pure of heart, for they will see God. -- Matthew 5:8
Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed are they that run around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blessed are they who have nothing to say and who cannot be persuaded to say it. -- James Russell Lowell
Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed. -- John 20:29
Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the Son of Man. -- Luke 6:22
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. -- Jonathan Swift
Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he shall enjoy living. -- William Bennett
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving in words evidence of the fact. -- George Eliot
Blessed our young they will inherit our national debt.
Blimey, I typed this as "meat" first time!!! -- Robert Harley
Blinded by the light, revved up like a deux, another rumor in the night. -- Bruce Springsteen
Blink your eyelids periodically to lubricate your eyes.
BLISS is ignorance.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Artery, n. - Study of paintings.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Bacteria, n. - Back door to a cafeteria.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Barium, n. - What to do when treatment fails.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Bowel, n. - Letter like A E I O U (or sometimes Y).
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Caesarian Section, n. - Rich district in Rome.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Cat Scan, n. - Search for kitty.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Cauterize, v. - Make eye contact.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Colic, n. - Sheep dog.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Coma, n. - Type of punctuation mark.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Congenital, adj. - Friendly.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: D & C, n. - Where Washington is.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Dilate, n. - To live long and prosper.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Enema, n. - Not a friend.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Fester, adj. - Quicker.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Genital, adj. - Non-Jewish.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Hang Nail, n. - Coat hook.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Impotent, adj. - Distinguished, well known.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Inpatient, adj. - Tired of waiting.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Labor Pain, n. - Hurt at work.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Morbid, n. - Higher offer.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Nitrate, n. - Cheaper than day rate.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Node, v. - To be aware of.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Outpatient, n. - Person fainted.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Post Op, n. - Letter carrier.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Recovery Room, n. - Place to upholster.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Rectum, phrase - Dang near killed him.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Rheumatic, adj. - Amorous.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Saline, n. - Where you go on your boyfriend's boat.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Secretion, n. - Hiding something.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Tablet, n. - Small table.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Terminal Illness, n. - Sickness at airport.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Tibia, n. - Country in North Africa.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Tumor, n. - More than one.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Urine, phrase - Opposite of you're out.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Varicose, adj. - Nearby.
Blond Medical Dictionary Term: Vein, adj. - Conceited.
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
Blood is red, cyanosis is blue. Some people are dead; wish one was you.
Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
Blood is thicker than water, and tastes better, too. -- random vampire
Bloody typical, they've gone back to metric without telling us. -- Brazil
Blore's Razor: Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
Blow - opposite of Buv.
Blow your mind. Smoke gunpowder!
Bluegrass is not just a weed.
Blur can do no wrong in some ways, but you can't help wanting to flush their head down the toilet. -- Loaded magazine 10/95
Bo Jackson just DID it.
Bo knows CGI. -- Chris Heiser
Bo Peep did it for the insurance.
Boats, cars, sex... you have to touch all of them lightly or they lose their glamour. -- Mel Gibson
Bob Dole remembers the Alamo. First hand. -- Top 5
Bob Dole remembers when minimum wage was raised from a sharp stick to two rocks. -- Top 5
Bob Packwood's lawyer says he has a witness who will testify that one of the senator's accusers made the first move. Maybe so, but since when has coming to work in the morning ever been considered the first move?
Bobbitt sale: everything half off!
Bobby Knight is ready to check and mate. -- Adam Rifkin
BOCKLAGE'S LAW: He who laughs last probably didn't get the joke.
Body by Fisher. Brains by Mattel.
Body-builders do it with muscle.
Bolcer's First Corollary to Godwin's Law: Any Internet discussion containing more than 3 replies will converge on the topic of sex or death 97% of the time.
Bolcer's Second Corollary to Godwin's Law: Any graduate student facing the task of writing his or her thesis will participate in Internet discussions as a means of avoidance, procrastination, or both, particularly if their advisor is a Nazi.
Boldly going Forward because we can't find Reverse
Boldly going where no modem has gone before...
Boling's postulate: If you're feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom: Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so vividly manifests their lack of progress.
bom.ni.science om-'nish-*n(t)s n : the situation, quality, or state whereby Bo knows everything.
Bombeck's Rule of Medicine: Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Bombs don't kill people. Explosions kill people.
Bond. James Bond. -- James Bond (Pick up line)
BOOB'S LAW: (from MURPHY'S LAW): You always find something the last place you look.
Boob's Law: You always find something in the last place you look.
Bookie - pickpocket who lets you use your own hands.
Books are keys to wisdom's treasure. Books are gates to lands of pleasure. Books are paths that upward lead. Books are friends. Come let us read.
Books near finger foods? That's asking for trouble. -- Gun in Mary Lou's Handbag
Books on claustrophobia? They're in that little room over there, sir.
Books? Books? My god! You don't understand. They were far too busy living first-hand for books. Books! -- Jane March
Books? I heard about them once on MTV. -- Richard Cross
Booze is the answer. I don't remember the question.
Borderline psychotic with hermit-like tendencies.
Bore, n.: A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary. -- Walter Winchell
Bore, n.: A person who talks when you wish him to listen. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Bored beyond belief. -- LA Story
Boredom means you're off the quality track, you're not seeing things freshly, you've lost your "beginners mind"... boredom means your gumption supply is low and must be replenished before anything else is done. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Boredom reigns.
Boren's Laws: (1) When in charge, ponder. (2) When in trouble, delegate. (3) When in doubt, mumble.
Boren's Laws: When in charge, ponder. When in trouble, delegate. When in doubt, mumble.
Borg Empire: Equal opportunity Assimilator
Borg Mail Reader v2.1a &#04; Tagline theft is futile.
Borg Mail Reader v2.1a &#04; Taglines are irrelevent.
Borg saying: We came. We absorbed. We left.
Borg spreadsheet program: Locutus 1-2-3
Borg spreadsheet: Locutus 1-2-3
Borg? Where? I don't se*(#$#..NO CARRIER
BorgBurgers - We do it our way; your way is irrelevant.
BorgBurgers: We do it OUR way. Yours is irrelevant
BorgDOS v5.0 - Assimilate Another? [Y/n]
Borger King - We do it our way Your way is irrelevant
Borger King Burgers: We do it our way. Your way is irrelevant.
Borger King: Have it our way. Your way is irrelevant.
Borger King: We do it our way. Yours is irrelevant.
Bork, bork, bork. -- the Swedish chef
Born Free. Taxed to Death.
Born into the Age of Panic. -- Senser
Born to lose, and destined to fail. -- Social Distortion
Borrowed S&L funds were used to buy the cocaine that funded arms for Iran and the Contras? I don't remember that! -- Adam Rifkin
Boss spelled backwards is double S.O.B.
Boss, n.: According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the words boss and botch were largely synonymous, except that boss, in addition to meaning a supervisor of workers also meant an ornamental stud.
Boston, n.: Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for finishing second in the Irish jig competition.
Both bands were history by the time Nirvana wedded the sounds of Husker Du's "Whatever" to the Replacements' "Never Mind." -- Rob Sheffield
Both movies. Both with ludicrous premises. Both live action. The similarities are endless. -- John Dobbin
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
Bother, said Pooh, and deleted his message base.
Bother. -- Pooh
Bottom line, pay me 250 million dollars and I'll give serious consideration to almost anything you can come up with. -- John Dobbin
Boundary, n.: In political geography, an imaginary line between two nations, separating the imaginary rights of one from the imaginary rights of another. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Boutros Boutros Boutros Boutros Boutros Boutros Ghali! -- David Letterman's Barbershop Quartet
Bow down before the one you serve; you're going to get what you deserve. -- Nine Inch Nails
Bow down to Rick Wakeman
Bowling is what they do, Hockey is what they watch. -- John Dobbin
Boxing rings are square.
Boy, Data, you look great in a push-up bra -- Riker
Boy, it's hard to believe with so much biting experience a person could still make a mistake like that. -- Seinfeld
Boy, my office sure is quiet NOW THAT MY HP IS DEAD AS A ROCK. -- Rob Earhart
Boy, n.: A noise with dirt on it.
Boy, rough life, huh? What have YOU done today?! -- Calvin
Boy, that Data is slicker than cow snot -- Guinan
Boy, they were big on crematoriums, weren't they? -- George Bush (Auschwitz, 9/89)
Boy, when you go to vote, make sure not to flip your coin up so high that the other people see it, and make sure you catch it and don't have to go crawling around on the floor looking for it while hundreds of waiting voters snicker or you'll be really embarassed. -- Elliott Evans
Boy: A noise with dirt on it.
Boycott Clockwork Peach.
Boycott meat - suck your thumb.
Boyle's Law: Talent in staff work or sales will recurringly be interpreted as managerial ability.
Boys will be boys, and even that wouldn't matter if we could only prevent girls from being girls. -- Anthony Hope
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men. -- Kin Hubbard
BOZO + PhD = GOD -- Chris Thyberg
Brady's First Law of Problem Solving: When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, How would the Lone Ranger have handled this?
Bragging is only the patter of little feats.
Brain Disengaged; Call Back Tomorrow.
Brain disfunction detected...
Brain fried -- Core dumped
Brain fried -- Memory dumped.
Brain over - Insert coin.
Brain, n.: The apparatus with which we think that we think. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Brain, v. [as in to brain]: To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source of error in an opponent. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
BRAIN.COM file closed. (A)rgue (R)etry (F)orget It
Brain: apparatus used to think we think.
Brain: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
Brains are more like pomegranites than sheets of paper. -- John Haugeland
Brandy makes you randy, whiskey makes you frisky, but it's a good stiff Johnny Walker that makes you pregnant.
Brave New World. 1984. Prozac. Zoloft. It all translates to the same thing: Mind Control. -- Alisha Karabinus
Break up a relationship - buy a computer
breakbeats are so passe, unless they actually break something. -- Brian "Skinny" Richardson
BREAKFAST.COM Halted... Cereal Port Not Responding.
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding.
Breaking Windows isn't just for kids anymore...
Breakpoint, n.: The point at which programmer increments past last bit available
Breaks wind so badly that the oxygen masks drop. -- Top 5
Breakthrough, n.: It finally booted on the first try.
Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests, since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind. -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
Breaststrokers touch with both hands.
Breath Deep, The Gathering Gloom...
Breathing may be hazardous to your health.
BREDA'S RULE: At any event, the people whose seats are farthest from the aisle arrive last.
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Brevity is the soul of lingerie. -- Dorothy Parker
Brevity is the soul of wit. Gravity is the soul of weight.
Brian gets more done in one day than most people do by noon! -- Jeff Arnowitz
Bride, n.: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Bridget Fonda puts the ass in assassin.
Brilliance is typically the act of an individual, but incredible stupidity can usually be traced to an organization. -- Jon Bentley
Brilliant gold taps, virginal white marble, a seat carved from ebony, a cistern full of chanel number five, and a flunky handing me pieces of raw silk toilet roll. -- Trainspotting
Bring a towel. -- Douglas Adams
Bring Captain Solo and the stock options to me. -- Dan Martinez
Bring forth the sacrificial worms. Huh uh huh. -- Butt-head
Bring home the bacon? HECK I Brought the PIG
Bring me a bug and I will pummel it to pieces.
Bring me a cow. I'll carve off what I want and ride the rest home. -- Denis Leary
Bring me my broadsword and clear understanding. -- Jethro Tull
Bring over some dingoes to watch the baby while you're out. -- Top 5
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
Bringing the original Black Sabbath with Ozzy Osbourne to New Jersey is like ... what, bringing the Olympics to Athens? There's an Ozzy Osbourne service area on our Garden State Parkway. Our state bird is the Headless Bat. The State Legislature failed to elect a chairman one year in the early '80s, issuing instead a proclamation that "Ozzy rules forever." -- Gavin McNett (Salon)
BRINTNALL'S LAW: If you are given two contradictory orders, obey them both.
Brisbane? I don't know anybody in Brisbane. -- Seinfeld
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers. There is, indeed, no wild beast more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate. If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your character. -- Jonathan Swift
British DOS: What do YOU think old boy? <Possibly/'Fraid Not>
British Law prohibits the distribution of pornography for financial gain. What about for public good? -- Dave Pell
Broad-mindedness, n.: The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
Broadcast Majors do it on film.
Broadcast Majors do it to epic proportions.
BROKEN adj. 1. Not working properly (of programs). 2. Behaving strangely; especially (of people), exhibiting extreme depression.
Broken promises don't upset me. I just think, why did they believe me? -- Jack Handey
Brontosauruses are very thin at one end, thick in the middle and thin again at the other end. -- Anne Elk
Brook's Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later
Brook's Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Brooke's Law: Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Brothel, n.: Home is where the tart is.
Brothers quarrel like thieves inside a house, but outside their swords leap out in each others defense. -- Japanese proverb
Brown is the rectum of the Ivy League. It's color coded, you know.
Brownian motion, n.: Jogging girl scout.
Bruce's little handy tips about cool: Cool: Having your gf on the net. Not Cool: Being dumped via email. -- Bruce Sherrod
Brushing the dandruff from the information tuxedo.
Brutal honesty? You added the brutal. -- Jerry Maguire
BS Detector activated. When alarm sounds, please re-engage brain.
BTB 9By the by0, Ousterhout is another fine example of 30ness. Magic, Sprite, TCL, Hopper, now SUN. Distinguished teaching, PYI, NSF GR -- Rohit Khare
BTW I'd count NT 4.0 as the magical third release, after NT 3.1 and NT 3.51. (Yeah, there was 3.5 but it doesn't count.) -- Joe Barrera
BTW, you didn't meet him and start the end of the world, did you? -- Bruce Sherrod
BUBBA ==> Boys Unburdened by Briefcases, BMWs and Aerobics
Bubba Gump shrimp. It's a household name. -- Forrest Gump
Bubble Memory, n.: A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's intelligence. See also vacuum tube.
Bubbles, bubbles everywhere, and not a drop to drink! -- Willy Wonka
Bucy's Law: Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Bud Fox: Why do you need to wreck this company? Gordon Gecco: Because it's wreckable, all right? -- Wall Street
Budget the luxuries first.
Budget, n.: A mathematical confirmation of your suspicions.
Budget, n.: A method for going broke methodically.
Budweiser has introduced a new wheat beer. Great, just what I need: extra fiber with my buzz.
Budweiser puts a cap on its bottle so your beer doesn't have to come out until YOU want it to.
Buenos dias. &#191;C&oacute;mo est&aacute;s?
Buffalo is not just the name of an animal.
Buffer - Member of Whitehall gentlemans club. Alternatively, a place to store data temporarily until a processor is ready for it.
BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!
BUFFERS=7 FILES=5, 2nd Down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go
Bug - when your computer tells you 2+2=TUESDAY you have a bug. See Feature.
BUG [from telephone terminology, bugs in a telephone cable, blamed for noisy lines.] n. An unwanted and unintended (and undesirable) property of a program. See FEATURE.
Bug, n.: An aspect of a computer program which exists because the PROGRAMMER was thinking about Jumbo Jacks or stock options when s/he wrote the program.
Bug: Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
Bugs are sons of glitches.
Bugs, like coat hangers, breed if unobserved.
Bugs, n. pl.: Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
Bugs, smugs... these are program FEATURES.
Build a system even a fool can use, and only a fool will use it.
Build for your team a feeling of oneness, of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity. -- Vince Lombardi
Build tunnels. Nobody burns their tunnels behind them..... -- John Dobbin
Bulemia is so 86. -- Heathers
Bullets speak louder than reason.
Bullets take Bulls? Suns take Seattle? What universe do you live in? -- Megan Coughlin
Bulls don't win bull fights. People do. People don't win people fights. Lawyers do.
Bullsh*t makes the flowers grow and that's beautiful.
Bullshit Detector. When alarm sounds, please re-engage your brain.
Bullshit is so misunderstood because only a few of us are good at it.
Bummer the "hello world" got standardized as the typical starting app instead of the "touch my monkey" counterpart. -- Sam Kass
Bumper sticker on a hearse: I'd rather be breathing.
Bumper sticker on stealth bomber: IF YOU CAN READ THIS, THEN WE WASTED 50 BILLION BUCKS.
Bungee Jumper... Catch you on the rebound.
Bunnies bunnies everywhere, but not a drop to drink.
Bureacracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies. -- Honor de Balzac
Bureaucracy is as wrong as cancer, a turning away from the human evolutionary direction of infinite potentials and differentiation and independent spontaneous action, to the complete parasitism of a virus. -- William S. Burroughs
Bureaucracy, n.: The process of turning energy into solid waste.
Bureaucrat, n.: A person who cuts red tape sideways. -- J. McCabe
Bureaucrat, n.: A politician who has tenure.
Bureaucratic Cop-out #1: You should have seen it when I got it.
Bureaucratic organization is like a septic tank: the big chunks rise to the top
Bureaucrats do not change the course of the ship of state. They merely adjust the compass.
Burglars broke into my apartment and were so appalled, they left a donation!
Burning the string would make it quite improbable for the knots to come back. In such a case, you could think of them as being trapped in a deeper layer of Tumbolia. Perhaps there are layers and layers of Tumbolia. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Burnt Sienna. Thats the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas. -- Ken Weaver
Burping the baby involves a sixer of Bud and a Beefy Tostada. -- Top 5
Burying her would be a waste of a hole! -- Howard Stern
Bus error -- Core dumped
Bus error. Passengers dumped.
Bus Stop. No Stopping. Buses excepted.
Bus, n.: A mass-transit vehicle.
Bush Lite: Less capital gains, more domestic policy.
Bush wears a hat so he knows which end to wipe.
Bush's family values campaign: The major thrust of Hitler's ascent to power was the return of traditional German family. The slogan was 'Kinder, kuche, kirche;' in English, "Children, kitchen, church." The Third Reich believed the return to tradtional family values was threatened only by Jews, socialists, feminists, and homosexuals. Creepy, huh? -- Tara M. Seman
BUSINESS ANSWER: I'm not being paid, so you can't complain. REAL ANSWER: I'm sorry it had to be that way, but I do have a life; there's more to life than PONG, man! There's also DOOM. -- Stephan Gagne
Business is a good game: lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money. -- Nolan Bushnell (founder of Atari)
Business is about making money. Anybody who tells you different is selling something. Probably securities. -- Faisal Jawdat
Business is like oil, it won't mix with anything but business.
Business is like riding a bicycle. Either you keep moving or you fall down.
Business will be either better or worse. -- Calvin Coolidge
Businesses Asses Windows 2000 As Ship Date Nears -- InformationWeek headline
But a curiosity of my type remains after all the most agreeable of all vices... sorry, I meant to say: the love of truth has its reward in heaven and even on earth. -- Nietzsche (Beyond Good and Evil, 45)
But be sure that I'll be there to help you make it through, 'cause I'd sure love to be there looking back with you. -- Grey Eye Glances (Snow)
But better to follow the shadow of the best than to remain content with the worst.
But Captain--the engines can't take this much longer
But does Bo know double diamonds?
But enough of me. Let's talk about you. What do YOU think of me? -- Bette Midler
But first a nip o' courage! (Swigs from a mickey o' whiskey.) -- Groundkeeper Willy (The Simpsons)
But Green Day hasn't made the sale that all artists covet. John Dobbin has not purchased it. Alanis can claim that distinction. -- John Dobbin
But he made too many enemies of the people who would keep us on our knees. -- XTC
But I can stand my ground, and I am down, to wax an M.C. who acts like a clown, but for now, I'd like to ask you how, you like the feel of the bass in your face in the crowd. -- Beastie Boys
But I can't be overdrawn! I still have checks left.
But I can't promote you to PRIMA DONNA unless you demonstrate a few more serious personality disorders...
But I don't like Spam!!!!
But I don't like Spam
But I don't wanna be a pirate! -- Seinfeld
But I have to admit that, when I look at C++ source code, I find myself asking "which bit actually DOES anything?" -- dys@bonesaw.com
But I like my idea better. -- Calvin
But I look at your pants and... I need a kiss. -- Violent Femmes
But I thought YOU did the backups...
But I was naked when I said it, that's got to be a first, right? -- John Dobbin
But I'd like the pie heated, and I don't want the ice cream on the top, I want it on the side and I'd like strawberry instead of vanilla if you have it, if not then no ice cream, just whipped cream but only if it's real; if it's out of a can then nothing. -- When Harry Met Sally
But if much of the Internet was built around wires and code, an equal amount was built around pomposity and bullshit. The wired world has produced lavalike torrents of manifestos promising utopias, an end to poverty and ignorance, the collapse of government and media, a new kind of economy, and all sorts of memes and constructs. -- John Katz (Wired)
But if your name service for "to" doesn't work, try any of the following: mince crush blend chop dice frappe liquefy off puree whip shred pulp beat avarice wrath sloth pride gluttony lust claustro amatho acro agora triskaideka phobo necro xeno photo pyro hypno myxo algo mono. They're blender speeds, deadly sins, and phobias. -- Blake Jones
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses. -- Bruce Leverett (Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers)
But in the case of human beings, friendship is a transitory art, subject to discontinuance without further notice. -- O. Henry (Telemachus, Friend)
But it's a whole 'nother year! -- Luke Skywalker
But leaving California now would be like leaving Florence during the Renaissance. Young people are coming from all over the world to participate in this miracle. I had to be part of it. -- David W. Dorman
But look at it from my point of view: I'm getting paid by the word for this article. I'm not done yet. -- Scott Adams
But my little voice TOLD me to do it!
But of course, it *is* only my opinion.
But of the millions who type "http://www..." every day, how many realize that, like the universe itself, it all began with high-energy physics? -- FermiNews
But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station.
But perhaps it's unfair to berate Microsoft for little shortcomings like these. Clearly, they had weightier issues to grapple with. Who's got time to do usability testing when you're struggling to empower your users with the ability to surround text with a border of animated flashing marquee lights, Las Vegas style? -- Dan Martinez
But pork chops tastes goooood. And bacon is gooood. -- Pulp Fiction
But scientists, who ought to know Assure us that it must be so. Oh, let us never, never doubt What nobody is sure about. -- Hilaire Belloc
But she ansered him not, saying....
But soft you, the fair Ophelia: Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws, But get thee to a nunnery -- go -- Mark The Bard Twain
But soft, what bird through yonder window breaks?
But soft, what light through yonder tagline breaks?
But the Mac protects me from thought, and that's the main thing. -- Peter Ceresole
But the three of them made the bad mistake of trying to offer the fan god some ramen. One should never ever offer any kind of god something like ramen -- they know better than to go near the stuff. As a result the god turned angry and began spitting out things. He demanded a sacrafice -- the cat! -- Jennifer Knipper
But then again, I like cold toilet seats.
But then I saw her face, now I'm a believer. -- The Monkeys
But there are no old, bold pilots.
But this is my sister's bike
But this one goes to eleven. -- Nigel Tufnel (This is Spinal Tap)
But unfortunately, the contours of truth never coincide with the frontiers between embattled parties and cliques. -- Styanislav Andreski (in Social Science as Sorcery)
But we remember Aaron Burr only because of the Milk commercials. And I have no idea who attempted to shoot the Pope... only that the Popemobile was the result. -- Megan Coughlin
But we've only fondled the surface of that subject. -- Virginia Masters
But what I really want to do is direct.
But what if I'm a figment of my OWN imagination?
But what if there is no tomorrow? There wasn't one today! -- Bill Murray (Ground Hog's Day)
But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?
But while we're on the subject of file formats, let's pause for a moment in frank admiration of the way in which Microsoft brazenly built backward-incompatibility into its product. By initially making it virtually impossible to maintain a heterogenous environment of Word 95 and Word 97 systems, Microsoft offered its customers that most eloquent of arguments for upgrading: the delicate sound of a revolver being cocked somewhere just out of sight. -- Dan Martinez
But Windows bashing is my job...
But you could tell me you met this girl. You could tell me she was intelligent, not just pop intelligent like these other women, but really intelligent, like 'she runs me around in circles' and she's gorgeous, and we like each other, but not too much, and God himself blessed this relationship - God himself came down and said 'I bless this relationship', and I'd be like 'Bail.' -- Chris Heiser
But you may find that blood is not enough. -- Pete Townshend
But you shall not escape my iambics.
But, as is usual for simulation studies, the methods we will use are of much more interest than the answers given by the program. -- Donald E. Knuth (Art of Computer Programming 1)
But, I thought that was why I liked UNIX? The incompatibilities, the arcane syntax. I hope some day to contribute some really bad software to it. -- Scott McClung
But, of course, both you and I know that our words our meaningless and we only speak them to hint at the dark and deranged undercurrent, which can never be named. -- Jarett Kobek
Butchers do it with dead meat.
Butterfly decal, rearview mirror, dogging the scene. You smile like the cartoon, tooth for a tooth. You said that irony was the shackles of youth. You wore a shirt of violent green. -- REM
Butterflyers have better rhythm.
Buy a drink for Claudia? Mmm... I don't think so. Buy a condo for Claudia. -- The Opposite Sex
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.
Buy a ticket to a Mets game, get a free ticket to a Mets trial! -- David Letterman
Buy Amdahl Stock to go up 100 points next week.
Buy Land Now. It's Not Being Made Any More.
Buy land. They've stopped making it. -- Mark Twain
Buy low, sell high.
BUY RAM NOW! Its like candy! You can do ram for less money then you can do CRACK! You'll be telling people, "You're on RAM!" -- Brian Stillman
Buy the sky and sell the sky. -- REM
Buzz Aldrin got his nickname for slamming down 3 liters of Cuervo Gold in zero gravity. -- Top 5
BUZZ v. To run in a very tight loop, perhaps without guarantee of getting out.
Buzzards are known to salivate at the mere mention of Bob Dole's name. -- Top 5
Bwah ha ha! I am evil and judgemental! My prejudices are all defensible, my assessments accurate, my generalizations sweeping and all inclusive. Any evidence to the contrary be damned. Ridiculus andidotal trife! -- Jose Calvo
By 1960 work will be limited to three hours a day. -- John Langdon-Davies (A Short History of the Future, 1936)
By 2050, there will be half a billion Americans, and if that doesn't scare you, nothing will. -- Dave Siegel
By a lie a man throws away and, as it were, annihilates his dignity as a man. -- Immanuel Kant (Doctrine of Virtue)
By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you'll be happy. If you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher. -- Socrates
By any means necessary. -- Malcolm X
By convincing yourself that a computer-generated cowboy and a computer-generated Space Ranger are amusing, you're personally contributing to the destruction of society predicted by Karl Marx almost 150 years ago. -- Mr. Cranky
By day, it's a really uncomfortable couch. By night, it's an even more uncomfortable bed. Futon: ask for it by name.
By definition, one divided by zero is undefined.
By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task completely overwhelm me. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
By downloading these unsupported tools you are using them at your own risk--you know, like bungee jumping in your underwear or dating your best friend's sister. -- Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 PowerToys disclaimer
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By far the most common task for which the machines are used is writing - or word processing, as it's known to the same people who call journalism 'content.' -- Walter S. Mossberg (WSJ)
By following the good, you learn to be good.
By many measures, the Web reached the vast-wasteland stage faster than any other communication medium in human history; yet Web site designers' ability to make the screen jump and shimmy is progressing so fast that we still find the test patterns diverting. -- Michael Hiltzik
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be far apart.
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent. -- Emerson
By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
By saying MU, Joshu let the other monk know that only by not asking such questions can one know the answer to them. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
By temperament, which is the real law of God, many men are goats and can't help committing adultery when they get a chance; whereas there are numbers of men who, by temperament, can keep their purity and let an opportunity go by if the woman lacks in attractiveness. -- Mark Twain (From Letters from the Earth)
By the end of the day I was convinced that the public consisted entirely of raging idiots. (This is the fundamental underlying assumption of journalism.) -- Dave Barry
By the grace of slow mailservers, you are granted absolution... -- Rohit Khare
By the law of conservation of bits, bits can be neither created nor destroyed. They just get shifted. -- Adam Rifkin
By the time a man can read a woman like a book, he needs bifocals.
By the time I retire, I'm gonna have to spend my social security check on sunblock 90.
By the time Mozart was my age, he... had been dead for two years. -- Tom Lehrer
By the turn of the century, you will have 5 devices on your body with their own IP addresses. Where you put them is your own business... -- Jim Clark
By the way, I know the names of all the Macintosh fill patterns. Like "Bark", "Linoleum", "Balls", and "Pressed Herring". -- James "Kibo" Parry
By the way, if you do mention Pez and my wife, also mention that she's a management consultant and has a master's degree in molecular genetics, OK? -- Pierre Omidyar (who founded eBay to help his wife collect Pez dispensers)
By the way, if you ever consider getting involved in any area that requires knowledge of the symmetry of solids: just do yourself a favor and start flipping burgers. -- Greg Landrum
By the way, the answer to "I blank Lucy" is not what you think. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
By the way, they have books near a dollar, books near two dollars, books near three dollars, books near four dollars. 1.99 is on which table? Yep, books near a dollar. -- John Dobbin
By the way, you know when you're telling these little stories? Here's a good idea. Have a point. It makes it so much more interesting for the listener! -- Planes, Trains, and Automobiles
By the way, you must be in a furry. The beginning of your sentense does not read properly.
By the yard, life is hard. By the inch, it's a cinch.
By this time my lungs were aching for air. -- Sea Hunt
By three methods we may learn wisdom: first, by reflection, which is noblest; second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest. -- Confucius
By trying, we can easily learn to endure adversity -- another man's, I mean. -- Mark Twain
By visually measuring the wrinkles in the front of your pants, calculating your body mass based on your height and weight, and dividing that number by your waist size... I conclude that you have absolutely nothing in your pocket and are, in fact, glad to see me. -- Top 5
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to work twelve hours a day. -- Robert Frost
Bye bye for now.
Bye Kids
BYRNE'S LAW OF CONCRETING: When you pour, it rains.
Bytes, n. pl.: What a vampyre does
C code and bboards are my only foods; I forsake all others, except for leaves from the Bodhi tree and water sipped from the bladder of a goat. -- Nathan Loofbourrow
C code. C code run. Run, code, run!
C delta phi d-bra! Ha! Ha! Ha! Get it? Get it?
C is like a huge V8 engine, attached directly to wheels with no gearing, no brake and must be steered by hand. Perl is a car with an autopilot designed by insane aliens. -- Jeff Smith
C is the assembly language of Tcl. -- Karl Lehenbauer
C lets you shoot yourself in the foot rather easily. C++ allows you to blow your whole leg off. -- Gerald Karam
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot. C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg. -- Bjarne Stroustrup
C program run, C program crash, C programmer cry.
C programmer run. C programmer crash. C programmer quit.
C programmers break it.
C programmers continue it.
C programmers do it with lint.
C programmers SWITCH and then BREAK it.
C programmers switch often.
C U L8R, L E G8R.
C++ is like jamming a helicopter inside a Miata and expecting some sort of improvement. -- Drew Olbrich
C++ is probably a good keyword on your resume, so might as well go with it. If the Dragon Book saw C++, it probably would vomit. -- Vijay Gill
C++ is the Gilligan's Island of languages. All about stranded cast-aways.
C++ is to C as Lung Cancer is to Lung. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
C++ is to object orientation as Winger is to music. I hereby declare a Jihad against the devil made flesh - Bjarne Stroustrup! -- Vijay Gill
C++: where only your friends can access your private parts.
C, n.: A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything else. It is either the best language available to the art today, or it isn't. -- Ray Simard
C: A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything else. It is either the best language available to the art today, or it isn't. -- Ray Simard
C:\File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
C:\WINDOWS C:\WINDOWS\GO C:\PC\CRAWL
C:BELFRY is where I keep my .BAT files ^^^oo^^^
C:DAMSEL.EXE crosslinked w/DISTRESS.COM--RESCUE?(y/n)
C:DOS C:DOSRUN C:DOSCRASH
C:DOS C:DOSRUN C:DOSRUNAMUCK
C:DOS C:DOSRUN C:DOSRUNWINDOWS C:DOSRUNSLOW
C:DOS C:DOSRUN RUNDOSRUN
C'est la vie, c'est la guerre, c'est un pomme de terre. That's life, that's war, that's a potato.
C'mon, webmaster AND part-time model? She's got to be making this stuff up. -- Top 5
CA bumper sticker: Cover me, I'm changing lanes.
Cabalites have their own particular brand that involves electrical tape and not much else. And sometimes not even electrical tape. I have an image to uphold here. Besides this whole thing is moot. There is no cabal. -- Fleur Dragan
Cabbage, n.: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Cadillacs are down at the end of the bat. -- Ralph Kiner
Caffeine Anonymous uses a 12 step program similar to AA, but at its meetings, members snack on donuts and drink beer.
Caffeine makes me lose my concentration, I lose my concentration, what was I saying?
Cahn's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
Calamity, n.: A more than commonly plain and unmistakable reminder that the affairs of this life are not of our own ordering. Calamities are of two kinds; misfortune to ourselves, and good fortune to others. -- Ambrose Bierce
Calculated Risk, n.: A computer date with a girl who doesn't take the pill.
Calculation never made a hero. -- John Henry Cardinal Newman
Cali = hot, fornication = sex, so California = land of hot sex... -- Ed Moran
California bugs the hell out of me. An entire state, the largest state in the Union, consisting of people who are oblivious to the fact that they live in hell. -- Kyle Baker (Why I Hate Saturn)
California governor Pete Wilson has banned smoking in a number of public places, including Death Row. -- Reason magazine
California Governor Pete Wilson said California should be color blind. Ignoring colors shouldn't be a problem. We already can't see the poor, the disabled, the homeless...
California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange. -- Fred Allen
California is trying to ban spray paint in an attempt to fight graffiti. Just remember folks, if spray paint is outlawed, only outlaws will have fresh looking patio furniture...
California Pizza Kitchen is among my least favorite restaurants. Nothing seems to come without pieces of tomato or other vegetables. -- John Dobbin
California! Come for the overtaxing work environment, stay for the unaffordable housing! -- Alex Bochannek
California's been good to me, I hope it don't fall in-to the sea! Sometimes you gotta trust yourself; it ain't like any-where else, it ain't like any-where else. -- Tom Petty (California)
Californian's passed proposition 215, allowing for the use of marijuana for those who are seriously ill. Are they going to approve making counterfeit money for those seriously in debt?
Californians are not without their faults.
Calimari. Imagine the possibilities.
Call Gregory.
Call his bluff. If you're lucky you'll get to see his entire life flashing before his lies. -- Aaron Davison
Call it a hunch. -- Quasimodo
Call it a rare instance of natural timidity overcoming the chronic distaste for morning commitments. -- Berna Massingill
Call it incest, but I want my mummy.
Call me insane one more time and I'll eat your other eye!
Call now for a free plant. -- Crazy People
Call off the dogs, the hunt is over. Sally, this is the greatest. Sally, please report to me. -- When Harry Met Sally
Call on God, but row away from the rocks. (Indian proverb)
Call The Bates Motel BBS: 1-800-BIG-NIFE
Call the men of science, and let them hear this song, tell them Albert Einstein and Copernicus were wrong. -- They Might Be Giants
Called up the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms regional office and asked, "What wine goes best with an M-16?" The guy who answered did his best to be helpful: "That depends. What are you smoking?" -- Michael Maciolek
Calling J-Man Kink. Calling J-Man Kink. Hash missile sighted, target Los Angeles. Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept.
Calling J-Man Kink. Calling J-Man Kink. Hash missle sighted, target Los Angeles. Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept.
Calling these interfaces friendly is tantamount to dressing a chimpanzee in a surgical gown and parading him around earnestly as a surgeon. -- Michael Dertouzos
Callipigian and pyrolagnia. -- Rohit Khare
Callouses are the speed bumps of calligraphy. -- Adam Rifkin
Calm down. It's only ones and zeroes.
Calm down. It's only ones and zeros.
Caltech is filled with cybermorons. -- Adam Rifkin
Caltech: The truth shall set you free, after it's done with you. -- Ted Turocy
Calumny, n.: 1. A false statement maliciously made to injure another's reputation. 2. The utterance of maliciously false statements; slander.
Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle. -- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man who ever came out of Plymouth Corner, Vermont. -- Clarence Darrow
Calvin, we will not have an anatomically correct snowman! -- Bill Watterson
Calvin: Of all the luck, my parents had to be humans. Hobbes: Don't take it too hard. Humans provide some very important protein.
Calvin: People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world. Hobbes: Isn't your pants' zipper supposed to be in the front?
Cambridge is just enough hell that it's heaven for him. -- Adam Rifkin
Camoflauge toilet paper... for use in the woods when ambush is your main fear.
Campus politics are so vicious precisely because the stakes are so small. -- Henry Kissinger
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points. -- M. M. Johnston
Can a man with no fingers point you in the right direction?
Can a person be chalant? Can weather be clement? And are children ever ruly?
Can any of us honestly say we haven't been sitting at work and said "Would you like fries with that?" I thought not. -- John Dobbin
Can anyone explain the "fragile base class problem" to me? All the Be folks were getting very worked up about it, and I have no idea what it means. It makes me very insecure. I mean, next time I'm at a geek cocktail party carrying forth about multithreaded object oriented user interfaces someone's going to say, "But what about the fragile base class problem?" And you know chicks don't dig guys who don't know what the fragile base class problem is. -- Martin Frankel
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes, work never begun.
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mother and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Can I borrow your towel? My car just hit a water buffalo. -- Chevy Chase
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money? (Pick up line)
Can I find the candle of thought to light your name? -- Pearl Jam
Can I get some fries with that shake shake, cutie? -- Salt n Pepa
Can I have a waitress with no dressing?
Can I please be excused from jury duty? My wife is going to become pregnant, and I'd like to be there when it happens.
Can I yell "movie" in a crowded firehouse?
Can we assume that person is a complete idiot, or just a partial idiot. -- Andrew Stellman
Can you be a closet claustrophobic?
Can you believe this? There's like 27 raisins in this bowl. That's too many! Before there were too few, now there are too many. It's like they are punishing people for asking for more. -- Men Behaving Badly
Can you cork it? -- Bio-Dome
Can you do the Picard Maneuver in a Grand Am?
Can you find the mispelled word in hear?
Can you get carpal tunnel syndrome by masturbating? Try explaining that to your parents. -- John Dobbin
Can you hammer a six inch spike through a board with your penis? -- Real Genius
Can you hear it, ignorance personified? -- Tilt
Can you hear that sound of pen on paper all over the country? -- Larry Miller
Can you imagine Moses asking Congress to pass the ten commandments?
Can you mail me X Windows on a disk? -- Channon Kelly
Can you prove it didn't happen? (Plan nine from outer space)
Can you read a punched card, looking at the holes?
Can you repeat the part after "Listen very carefully"?
Can you say 'Slow down for speed bumps? Hah! Floor it baby!'. You can do a lot of damage to a car if you hate it, and they let you keep it for a month. -- Owen Davis
Can you sing? Can you dance? Or have you volunteered to be sawed in half? -- Blackadder IV
Can you STOP talking about spinning metal penises! -- Chris Grimes
Can you tell that your story is not gripping me? I am in a state of non-gripness. I am completely, smegging un-gripped. -- Lister; Red Dwarf
Can you use this word in a sentence? Cab drivers can... -- Eddie Murphy
Can you whistle 300 baud?
Can you whistle a telephone number?
can't - hold - entire - code - structure - in - head - *pop*! -- Rob Earhart
Can't a man say a woman is attractive without it being a come-on? -- When Harry Met Sally
Can't anything be done about calling these guys "student athletes?" That's like referring to Attila the Hun's cavalry as "weekend warriors." -- Russell Baker
Can't be held responsible, 'cause she was touching her face. And I won't be held responsible; she fell in love in the first place. For the life of me, I cannot remember, what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise. For the life of me, I cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins; we were merely freshmen. -- the Verve Pipe
Can't have the plusses without the minusses; some kind of law of conservation (or was it liberation?) tells that. -- Adam Rifkin
Can't have you accusing innnocent bunnies without cause. Though you don't sound truly sorry. -- John Dobbin
Can't learn to do it well? Learn to enjoy doing it badly
Can't lift arms from side because of a Super Glue accident back in '87. -- David Letterman
Can't open /usr/lib/fortunes.
Can't shake the devil's hand and say you're only kidding.
Can't talk to a psycho like a normal human being... -- Poe
Can't you ever take the stand without pulling out a banana?
It is morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money. -- Canada Bill Jones
Canada has always been more of a Clark Kent than a Superman... -- Tony Parsons
Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp. It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage. -- Gerald Regan (Cabinet Minister, 12/31/83 Financial Post)
Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp. It's 2 for postage and 30 for storage. -- Gerald Regan (Cabinet Minister, 12/31/83 Financial Post)
Canada. 51 weeks of winter followed by a single hockeyless week of summer.
Canada: a few acres of snow. -- Voltaire
Canada: Technically A Nation. -- Dave Barry
Canadian DOS prompt: EH?>
Canadian DOS: Yer sure, eh? [y/n]
CANCER (June 21 - July 22) You are sympathetic and understanding to other people's problems. They think you are a sucker. You are always putting things off. That's why you'll never make anything of yourself. Most welfare recipients are Cancer people.
Cancer cures smoking.
Candy coated cannibalistic news flashed across the screen. -- Soul Asylum
Candy Is dandy But liquor Is quicker. -- Ogden Nash
Cane them from every angle! Let's drill their heads and pour in acid... -- Howard Stern
Caning makes a lasting impression. -- Adam Rifkin
Cann's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
Cannot fork -- try again.
Capital is the fruit of labor and could have never existed if labor had not first existed. -- Abraham Lincoln (First annual address to Congress, 1861)
Capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life. -- Orrin Hatch (Sen-Utah)
Capital punishment turns the state into a murderer. But imprisonment turns the state into a gay dungeon-master. -- Emo Philips
Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
Capitalism is like a dead herring in the moonlight. It shines but it stinks.
Capitalism is the unequal distribution of wealth. Socialism is the equal distribution of poverty.
Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bra straps. -- V.I. Lenin (Letters from Afar (1917))
capitalize every sentence and remember always end it with point
CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19) You are conservative and afraid of taking risks. You don't do much of anything and are lazy. There has never been a Capricorn of any importance. Capricorns should avoid standing still for too long as they take root and become trees.
Captain ... one .. harmless ... little ... Tribble?
Captain Kirk and I both want the same thing: the whole-hearted devotion of a naive alien. And if certain things stand in our way... Klingons for Kirk, reality for me... well, we just have to suck in our guts, set the phasers on Stun, and hope for the best. -- Ian Shoales
Captain Penny's Law: You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.
Captain please, not in front of the Klingons.
Captain Someone has snorted all the dilithium crystals.
Captain The UARTs kenna' take these speeds
Captain, I just threw your palm tree overboard and what's all this crud about there being no movie tonight? -- Mister Roberts
Captain, I need to kill someone. ~ Worf
Captain, I protest. I am NOT a merry man -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Captain, Permission to hook up blender attachments to Mr Data
Captain, phasers and photons down, get the hand phaser out
Captain, please. Not in front of the Klingons.
Captain, the UARTs won't take this Speed
Captain, we have engaged dataschlurp mode
Captain, why not just give the Borg Windows 3.1? -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Car sickness: The feeling you get every month when the payment is due.
Car un enfant nous est ne, un fils nous est donne, et la domination reposera sur son epaule; on l'appellera Admirable Conseiller, Dieu puissant, Pere eternel, Prince de la paix. -- Esaie 9:5
Card reader, n.: A fortune teller
Card-carrying member of the cultural elite.
Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner. -- Lao-tzu (Tao Te Ching)
Career Objective: A challenging position in which I can creatively use my computer-related skills to help more people die. -- Greg Plesur
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected. Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected, mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it takes.
Carlsbad Caverns: 22% more cavities.
Carpe diem, quam minimum credula postero Horace (8 BC)
Carpe Diem. Fish for 10 cents.
Carpe Diem.
Carpe Noctum. Seize the night. I do more work after 2AM than most people do all day.
Carpe pecuniam. Seize the money.
Carpe Post Meridian. Seize Daylight Savings?
Carpe Rectum. Seize my butt.
Carperpetuation, sniglet: The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string or a piece of lint at least a dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
Carrier Detect, n.: Raison d'etre for premarital blood tests.
Cars are the best things. You just sit in them, and they take you places. -- Tara Morrison
Cary Grant died in my home town. My parents had tickets to see a speech he was giving - I don't know if they ever got a refund. -- Steve Bondi
Case hit the power stud. Aerol shuddered. Case jacked him back out. "What did you see, man?" "Babylon," Aerol said, sadly... -- William Gibson (Neuromancer)
Cast everything as void* and presto, no more annoying type checking. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Castration takes balls.
Castration, n.: A eunuch experience.
Cat law: Always give generously. A small bird or rodent left on the bed tells them, I care.
Cat law: Climb your way to the top. That's why the drapes are there.
Cat law: Curiosity never killed anything except maybe a few hours.
Cat law: Find your place in the sun. Especially if it happens to be on that nice pile of warm, clean laundry.
Cat law: If you're not receiving enough attention, try knocking over several expensive antique lamps.
Cat law: Life is hard, then you nap.
Cat law: Make your mark in the world. Or at least spray in each corner.
Cat law: Never sleep alone when you can sleep on someone's face.
Cat law: Variety is the spice of life. One day ignore people, the next day annoy them.
Cat law: When eating out, think nothing of sending back your meal twenty or thirty times.
Cat law: When in doubt, cop an attitude.
Cat, n.: Lapwarmer with built-in buzzer.
Catachresis, n.: 1. a. Strained use of a word or phrase, as for rhetorical effect. b. A deliberately paradoxical figure of speech. 2. The improper use of a word or phrase, especially in application to something it does not denote, as the use of blatant to mean "flagrant."
Catholic girls, they never confess.
Catholicism is not a soothing religion. It's a painful religion. We're all gluttons for punishment. -- Madonna
Cats are essentially narcissistic masochists. -- Paul Mazaitis
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function. -- Garrison Keillor
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't get eight cats to pull a sled through the snow. -- Jeff Valdez
Cats know how we feel. They don't care, but they know.
Cats seem to live by the opinion that it never hurts to ask for what you want.
Caught a bolt of lightning, cursed the day he let it go. -- Pearl Jam
Cauliflower is nothing but Cabbage with a College Education. -- Mark Twain
Cause of crash: Inadvertent contact with the ground.
CAUTION is never asking, "Do you still respect me?" SELF-PRESERVATION is not admitting that you don't.
Caution. Blade is sharp. Keep out of children. -- Darren Leigh
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
caution: if you write code like this, immediately after you are fired the person assigned to maintaining your code after you leave will resign -- Philip Machanick (Learn C and C++ in 5 Days)
CAUTION: OBJECTS IN MIR ARE CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR.
Caution: This stuff is addictive...
Caution: your paradigms may have shifted while reading this message.
Cavaliers do it mounted.
Caveat emptor, no deposit no return, do not remove.
Caveat lector. Reader beware.
Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how good it did them.
Cavorting about like that isn't proper behavior. -- Picard
CBS executives are a more advanced form of weasel. -- David Letterman
CC -G -A -Z HELLO.C GOODBYE.C ABBEY.C ROAD.C -- Dennis M. Ritchie
CCChecckkk thheeeee duuuupleeexxx swwwiiitcchhhh...
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Celebrate Hannibal Day today. Take an elephant to lunch.
Celibacy is hereditary.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Censor, n.: One who sticks his no's into other peoples business.
Censorship is something [[[[[[ [[[[ I do [[[ like
Census Taker to Housewife: Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?
Centaurs do it on all fours.
Center meeting at 4 pm in 2C-543.
Central Park... it's the big green rectangle on the map of Manhattan.
Cereal Killer Strikes Again Cap'n Crunch found dead...
Certain options and features of a program may be used rarely. For instance, the routines on U.S. government computers which balance the budget have not been used in years. -- Silberschatz and Galvin (Operating System Concepts)
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny-- Did you ever try buying then without money? -- Ogden Nash
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny... did you ever try buying then without money? -- Ogden Nash
Chaining, n.: A method of attaching programmers to desk, to speed up output
Chamberlain loves the working man -- he loves to see him work. -- Winston Churchill
Champagne for my real friends, real pain for my sham friends. -- Tom Waits
Champaign was started by a bunch of Chicagoans who said, "Gee, I'm enjoying the crime, poverty, and cold, but there's just too much to do here." -- Adam Rifkin
Champions can do it, but there are always Disadvantages.
Chance favors only the prepared mind. -- Louis Pasteur
Chance favours the prepared mind. -- Louis Pasteur
Chandler Bing, it's time to see your thing. -- Friends
Chandler: The silver lining, if you want to see one, is that he made the decision all on his own, without any help from anyone. Rachel: *That's* the silver lining? Chandler: You have to reeeeally want to see it. -- Friends
Change can't be prevented, only guided. -- David Brin (Earth)
Change is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be fish. -- Ovid
Change is as constant as the restless sea.
Change is bad. Give me bills every time. -- John Dobbin
Change is certain. Progress is not. -- E.H. Carr
Change is difficult, uncomfortable and frightening. That's how we know we are changing. -- Bernie Siegel M.D. (Love Medicine and Miracles)
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine. -- Robert C. Gallagher
Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict. -- Saul Alinsky (The Purpose (1971))
change must come from within [...] what are the actual chances we'll stop hanging with the same losers [...] so its all talk, we must implement a paradigm shift to leverage our madness into an engine of booty -- Vijay Gill
Change your accent every three seconds.
Change your socks whenever we stop. -- Forrest Gump
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Changing QU to Z will communiZe a communiQUe.
Chaos is a friend of mine. -- Bob Dylan
Chaos often breeds life when order breeds habit. -- Henry Adams
Chaotic Evil means never having to say you are sorry.
Chaparral - A men only arral.
Character Density: the number of very weird people in the office.
Character is much easier kept than recovered. -- Thomas Paine
Character is what a person is in the dark.
Character is what you know you are, not what others think you are.
Character matters; leadership decends from character. -- Rush Limbaugh
Character may be manifested in great moments, but it is created in the small ones. -- Phillip Brooks
Charis washes herself with Body Shop shower gel, the Dewberry flavour: her arms, her neck, her legs with their nearly invisible scars. -- Margaret Atwood (The Robber Bride)
Charity begins at home. At about 6:30, when they call you and interrupt your dinner. -- Crabby Road
Charity begins at home. -- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Charity covers a multitude of sins, but curiosity soon uncovers them again.
Charity sees the need not the cause. -- German Proverb
Charity: a thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
Charlemagne either died or was born or did something with the Holy Roman Empire in 800.
Charles Darwin was a naturalist who wrote the organ of the species.
Charlie don't surf -- Col. Kilgore (Apocalypse Now)
Charlie don't surf, but we think he should. -- The Clash
Charlie Sheen likes to watch good movies when his own flop. "It makes you that much hungrier to find something really bitchin' for yourself," says Sheen, who thankfully is not considering Shakespearean roles. -- Premiere
Charlie Sheen married model Donna Peele. Charlie was overheard before the ceremony, "Free? How long has this been going on?"
Charlie was a Chemist, but Charlie is no more. What Charlie thought was H2O was H2SO4.
Charlie, they took my thumbs! -- The Pope of Greenwich Village
Charm is a way of getting a yes without having asked any clear question.
CHARNOCK'S LAW: You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
Chaste, n.: Very much in the running. -- J. Bailey (H. and J.C. Furnas)
Chastity is curable, if detected early.
Chastity is its own punishment.
Chastity: The most unnatural of the sexual perversions. -- Aldous Huxley
Chataqua Boulevard Law: Just when I finally figure out where it's at, somebody moves it.
Chauffeur me and I'll show for you. -- Peter Gabriel
Cheap anything is a good thing. I don't need to be told this over and over. -- John Dobbin
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
Cheapness doesn't come free. -- David Farber
Check again to make sure it's not loaded.
Check her passport or green card. If she is from Varga, then she must be a Vargin. -- Michael Lianez
Check out fresh nugs. Weasin the juice. Aroooo! Bud-dy. -- Encino Man
Check out the signature, I think I've just been called a monkey... -- John Dobbin
Checking that europa actually HAS gcc and cc, an extremely suspect proposition given this department. -- Rohit Khare
Checkpoint, n.: The location from which a programmer draws his salary
Checksum, n.: Bank balance at the end of month
Checkuary, n.: The thirteenth month of the year. Begins New Year's Day and ends when a person stops absentmindedly writing the old year on his checks.
Cheer up, Sam! When I return from my quest, I shall bring that most holy and rare of texts: Windows NT 5.0 beta 1 cds! Guaranteed to make you long for your old NT4 problems... -- Rob Earhart
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Cheese Flavored Six Pack... -- John Dobbin contemplates rock band names
Chefs are sadistic. They beat their eggs and whip their cream.
CHEIT'S LAMENT: If you help a friend in need he's sure to remember you - the next time he's in need.
Chemicals, n.: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Chemistry majors do it experimentally.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
Chemistry professors never die, they just smell that way
Chemists have solutions.
Chemists really know their bismuth.
Cheops' Law: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blue prints of your ultimate achievements. -- Napoleon Hill
Chernobyl used MACs.
Cherries Jubilee, n.: Feast of the Vestal Virgins.
Cherry blossoms fall. Cherry blossoms fall and fall. Cherry blossoms fall. -- Lloyd Wood
Cherry Cobbler, n.: A virgin shoemaker.
Cheryl: "Katie, you're going to fall off the bed..." Katie: "No..." <whump!> -- the Klassas
Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence as you can find outside an advertising agency. -- Raymond Chandler
chess tonight
Chewie, take the professor in the back and plug him into the hyperdrive!
Chicago got started by a bunch of New Yorkers who said, Gee, I'm enjoying the crime and poverty, but it just isn't cold enough. -- Richard Jeni
Chicago, n.: Where the dead still vote... early and often.
Chicka-chicka Bwomp Bwomp! Chicka-chicka Bwomp Bwomp! -- MST3K does porno music
Chicken feed is what most of our nest eggs have turned into.
Chicken heads are the chief food of captive alligators.
Chicken Little was right.
Chicken Soup, n.: An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin, cocaine, interferon, and TLC. The only ailment chicken soup can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother. -- Arthur Naiman (Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish)
Chicken. Egg. Me. -- John Dobbin
Chickens, like two-edged swords, often come home to roost. -- Suzy Kohout
Chicks don't dig human-carnage breath. -- Top 5
Chicks in their twenties tend to be prolific writers. They generally have a pretty easy to read style which is what I like. -- John Dobbin
Child: A blizzard is when is snows sideways.
Child: A hurricane is a breeze of a bigly size.
Child: A monsoon is a French gentleman.
Child: A vibration is a motion that can't make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Child: Clouds are high flying fogs.
Child: Clouds just keep circling the Earth around and around. And around. There is not much else to do.
Child: Hard mud is called shale. Soft mud is called gooey.
Child: Humidity is the experience of looking for air and finding water.
Child: I am not sure how clouds get formed. But the clouds know how to do it, and that is the important thing.
Child: In looking at a drop of water under a microscope, we find there are twice as many H's as O's.
Child: In some rocks you can find the fossil footprints of fishes.
Child: Isotherms and isobars are even more important than their names sound.
Child: It is so hot in some places that the people there have to live in other places.
Child: Lime is a green tasting rock.
Child: Many dead animals in the past changed to fossils while others preferred to be oil.
Child: Most books now say our sun is a star. But it still knows how to change back into a sun in the daytime.
Child: One horsepower is the amount of energy it takes to drag a horse 500 feet in one second.
Child: One hundred humidities equal 1 rain.
Child: Rain is saved up in cloud banks.
Child: Rainbows are just to look at, not to really understand.
Child: Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help to make water. So, sometimes it's brother against brother.
Child: Some people can tell what time it is by looking at the sun, but I have never been able to make out the numbers.
Child: Someday we may discover how to make magnets that can point in any direction.
Child: South America has cold summers and hot winters, but somehow they still manage.
Child: Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Child: The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down.
Child: The wind is like the air, only pushier.
Child: There are 26 vitamins in all, but some of the letters are yet to be discovered. Find them all means living forever.
Child: There is a tremendous weight pushing down on the center of the Earth because of so much population stomping around up there these days.
Child: Thunder is a rich source of loudness.
Child: Vacuums are nothings. We only mention them to let them know we know they're there.
Child: We say the cause of perfume disappearing is evaporation. Evaporation gets blamed for a lot of things people forget to put the top on.
Child: When people run around and around in circles, we say they are crazy. When planets do it, we say they are orbitting.
Child: When they broke open molecules, they found they were only stuffed with atoms. But when they broke open atoms, they found them stuffed with explosions.
Child: While the earth seems to be knowingly keeping its distance from the sun, it is really only centrificating.
Child: You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
Childbirth is _not_ a miracle. Life is _not_ sacred. When you have twenty thousand nomads huddled between two rivers in the Middle East and that's it for Homo sapiens, when one in five children is a live birth, one in ten living past the age of ten, then childbirth is a miracle and life is sacred. When the average age of a grandmother in Philadelphia's housing projects is twenty-five, to call childbirth a miracle is at least a tasteless joke and at worst a true obscenity. -- Dave Sim
Childhood is short and maturity is forever. -- Bill Watterson
Childish as it may be, line three gives us more clues to the rhyme scheme of our fledging work. This turn of events safely rules out a Sicilian Sonnet (abababab cdecde/cdcdce), the sonetto rispetto (ababccdd efgefg/efefef), and the English Sonnet (ababcdcdefefgg). The Spencerian Sonnet (abab bcbc cdcd ee) is also ruled out, because they suck to write. -- Paul Mazaitis
Children --- beat your mother while she is young.
Children and the simple-hearted are nearer to God than most of us. -- Maurice Francis Egan
Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression. -- Haim Ginott
Children are natural mimic who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children are nature mimic who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good maners.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, and that's what parents were created for. -- Ogden Nash
Children died, the days grew cold, a piece of bread could buy a bag of gold. I wish we'd all been ready.
Children have more need of models than of critics.
Children have more need of models then of critics. -- Joseph Joubert
Children have such a mystical sense of presence because of the way they meld their physical perceptions into their imaginations (green field consciousness). -- Gayl Lepore
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves. -- Ernest Dimnet
Children make the most desirable opponents in Scrabble as they are both easy to beat and fun to cheat. -- Fran Lebowitz
Children need encouragement. So if a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way, he develops a good, lucky feeling. -- Jack Handey
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. -- Harold S. Hulbert
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Children with snacks must be eaten in the lobby.
Children, on average, laugh about 400 times a day. Adults only about 15 times. Scientists who study humor want to know why 385 laughs disappear.
Children: Pure love contained in soft packages.
Chili peppers burn my gut. -- Side Hackers
Chimeric, adj.: 1. Created by or as if by a wildly fanciful imagination; highly improbable. 2. Given to unrealistic fantasies; fanciful.
China has agreed to crack down on the piracy of US "intellectual property". Who would have ever thought that "Porky's III" would someday fall into THAT category? The first counterfeiter arrested under terms of the new pact pleaded temporary insanity. He had copied "The Jerky Boys".
Chinese family names are always formed from a sign meaning "woman".
Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."
Chinese saying: He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks.
Chipmunks roasting on an open fire.
Chipmunks roasting on an open fire...
Chiropractors are going to lose some badly needed concessions in the final Medicare bill. That's because House members don't go to chiropractors. See, you need a spine for their services.
Chism's Law of Completion: The amount of time required to complete a government project is precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.
Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law: When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 1: If you explain so clearly that no one can misunderstand, somebody will.
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 2: If you do something which you are sure will meet with everyone's approval, somebody won't like it.
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 3: Procedures designed to implement the purpose won't quite work.
Chivalry is not dead, it's just taking a well deserved nap, and I'm here to make sure it sleeps late. -- Van Nichols
Chivalry, n.: A man's inclination to save a woman from everyone but himself.
Chocolate heart. Complete with aorta amd other assorted veins and arteries. ~robert/heart1.gif
Choose a job you love, and you'll never have to work a day in your life. -- Confucius
Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a fucking big television. Choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players and electrical tin openers...choose DIY and wondering who the fuck you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing, spirit crushing game shows, stuffing junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pishing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked up brats you spawned to replace yourself. Choose a future. Choose life... But why would I want to do a thing like that? -- Trainspotting
Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a fucking big television. Choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players and electrical tin openers...choose DIY and wondering who the fuck you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing, spirit-crushing game shows, stuffing junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pishing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked up brats you made to replace yourself. Choose a future. Choose a life... But why would I want to do a thing like that? -- Irvine Welsh
Choose variable names that won't be confused.
Choose your enemies carefully. Sooner or later you begin to look like them.
Choosy perverts choose GIF.
Chopper always leaves you laughing. -- MST3K
Chosen to go to a graveyard? Why don't you take the first runner up? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Chown up. Chow down.
Christ died for our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them? -- Jules Feiffer
Christ was a man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.
Christ, what a liar. Things like that just want me to spew half digested Rice Chex all over my office. In point of fact, the only thing that holds me back is the knowledge that a good, nutritious breakfast is the key to a happy and productive day. -- Martin Frankel
Christ: A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.
Christian Fundamentalism is the doctrine that there is an absolutely powerful, infinitely knowledgeable, universe spanning entity that is deeply and personally concerned about my sex life.
Christianity has not been tried and found wanting, it has been found difficult and left untried. -- G. K. Chesterton
Christians are only allowed one wife and this is known as monotony.
Christians do it with grace.
Christie Brinkley's just another crater. I guess it's true: no matter how good looking a woman is, eventually you get sick of her. -- Howard Stern
Christmas comes but once a year. Boy, am I glad my name isn't Christmas!
Christmas is when the children get something, and the parents pay. A deficit is when the parents get something, and the children pay. -- Mike Harris
Christmas Shoppers: People with the spirit of brotherly shove.
Christmas tag-sale. Handmade gifts for the hard-to-find person.
Christopher Robin finished the mouthful he was eating and said carelessly: "I saw a heffalump today, Piglet." "What was it doing?" asked Piglet. "Just lumping along," said Christopher Robin. -- Benjamin Hoff (The Tao of Pooh)
Christopher Robin Hood: Steals from the rich to give to the Pooh.
Chrysler killed the cat.
chuck was sharing an honestly funny story about a d&d game he hads been in when ten years ago and this other girl decided to talk about the time that she had run a d&d game and she talked about the time a character had met the Seven Deadly Sins (tm) and my question was "um, why do the Seven Deadly Sins speak in lame rennfest cockney accents?" -- Cliff Judge
Chunky bar breath and your Enquiring mind, when I see you in the morning looking like pork rind. -- Rugburns
Churchill's Commentary on Man: Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Churchill's Commentary on Man: Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue.
Chutzpah, n.: The quality that allows a man to murder both his parents and then throw himself on the mercy of the court because he is an orphan.
Cigarette, n.: Fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a little tobacco in between
Cigarette: A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in between.
Cinderella married for money.
Cinemuck, n.: The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which covers the floors of movie theaters. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Cinemuck, sniglet: Popcorn, soda, and candy that covers the floors of movie theaters.
Cinnaminson is a city in New Jersey which no one can spell correctly.
Cinnamint (with Myrrh) is most excellent and I absolutely recommend it. Then again, I have also been known to absolutely recommend assassinations. But only one per person. -- Kriste Jordan
Circe prefers animals.
Circular definition, n.: See definition, circular.
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
CIT said Cylert. MIT says Lithium. I guess I'll try it, but it makes me wonder what Urbana would prescribe... Ben-Gay? -- Rohit Khare
Citizen Kane? A masterpiece. But every real man knows it would have been better if a huge Mack truck with the word ROSEBUD emblazoned on the trailer drove through the front gate of the mansion and then KAA-POWWWWW! -- Denis Leary
Civilisation can be reduced to the following: "I need a hug. Go away." Unable to solve this conundrum, and having nothing better to do in the meantime, we build cathedrals and drink heavily. -- Tom Price
Civility is at the mild end of morality. -- Bill Maher
Civilization - biggest syntax error in history!
Civilization doesn't give out, it gives in. In a society where anything goes, eventually everything will.
Civilization is a movement, not a condition; it is a voyage, not a harbor. -- Toynbee
Civilization is revving itself into a pathologically short attention span. The trend might be coming from the acceleration of technology, the short-horizon perspective of market-driven economics, the next-election perspective of democracies, or the distractions of personal multi-tasking. All are on the increase. -- www.longnow.org
Civilizations are born Stoic and die Epicurean. -- Will Durant (The History of Civilization)
Civilize the mind, make savage the body.
Civilized man conceals from himself the extent of his subordination to nature. The grandeur of culture, the consolation of religion absorb his attention and win his faith. But let nature shrug, and all is in ruin. Fire, flood, lightning, tornado, hurricane, volcano, earthquake - anywhere at any time. Disaster falls upon the good and bad. Civilized life requires a state of illusion. -- Camille Paglia
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them use to burn their houses down, hence the expression to get fired.
Claravoiant meeting canceled due to unforseen events.
clari.news.issues.civil-rights no longer exists, delete your subscription? -- the Andrew Message System
Clarity is my curse. -- John Dobbin
Clark Kent is a transvestite.
CLARK'S LAW:
Clarke's First Law: When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong. -- Arthur C. Clarke (Profiles of the Future)
Clarke's Second Law: But the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. G's Third Law: In spite of all evidence to the contrary, the entire universe is composed of only two basic substances: magic and bullshit. H's Dictum: There is no magic ...
Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Clasp the hands and know the thoughts of men in other lands. -- John Masefield
Classic oxymoron: Advanced Basic.
Classic oxymoron: Civil War.
Classic oxymoron: Free Love.
Classic oxymoron: Good Morning.
Classic oxymoron: Jumbo Shrimp.
Classic oxymoron: Married Life.
Classic oxymoron: Military Intelligence.
Classic oxymoron: Police Protection.
Classic oxymoron: Postal Service.
Classic oxymoron: Rap Music.
Classic oxymoron: Soviet Union.
Classic oxymoron: The Honorable Justice Clarence Thomas.
Classic oxymoron: Voting Power.
Classical music is the kind you keep thinking it will turn into a tune.
Classified material requires proper storage.
Clean earth smells funny.
Clean mind, clean body: take your pick.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely. -- P.J. O'Rourke
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Clear conscience, n.: Poor memory.
Clearly, I need to start soliciting fashion advice from Martin. -- Dan Martinez
Clearly, the greatest obstacle to the Internet's mass acceptance is its nonportability. Put bluntly: it can't be browsed while relaxing on the toilet. A shame really, considering how well suited much of its content is for precisely that arena. -- www.suck.com
Cleats (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Cleave ever to the sunnier side of doubt. -- Alfred (Lord Tennyson, The Ancient Sage)
Cleopatra lived and loved on denial.
Clerics do it in church.
Clerics do it with their gods.
Cleveland Indians All-Star Albert Belle was suspended for corking his bat. Is that the same thing that got Pee Wee Herman in trouble? -- David Letterman
Cleveland still lives. God must be dead.
Cleveland... I spent a month there one day last year.
Cleveland? Yes, I spent a week there one day.
Click..Click..Click..Damn Out of taglines
Climate is what you expect. Weather is what you get.
Climb every mountain, ford every stream, follow every rainbow till you find your dream. -- The Sound of Music
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
Climbing a mountain in silence helps to give ascent.
Clinton = Carter + Perot. -- Mark Russell
Clinton and I exist in the same concentric circle of the mularkey dartboard. -- Dennis Miller
Clinton got his harrassment and whitewater cases mixed up, and accidentally shredded a pair of panties. -- Jay Leno
Clinton is one Bill George Bush can't veto...
Clinton slings bullshit better than a street sweeper in Pamplona. -- Dennis Miller
Clinton wants it both ways more than Dennis Rodman... He makes Ronald Reagan look like Steve Buscemi... Deep down, we are all Hillary. -- Dennis Miller
Clock interrupt, n.: What wakes you up in the morning.
Clockers: The story of two brothers torn apart by murder... and by their brand spanking new color PowerMac they use to surf the World Wide Web!" -- Nathan Loofbourrow
Clones are people two.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Close enough is subject to negotiation. -- Joel Saltz
Close is a lingerie shop without a window. -- Lethal Weapon 3
Close Reading, n.: What you will do if it's hard to get to a research library. -- Catherine Ellen Maragos
Close your eyes and press escape three times.
Close your eyes and try to imagine how LITTLE I care.
Close, stand close to me Starbuck, let me look into a human eye. It is better than to gaze upon sea and sky. It is better than to gaze upon God. -- Ahab (Moby Dick)
Closed hearing for the caption impaired...
Closing on ship target. Music on Fire away
Closings scare me. I take them way too seriously. Was I really being sincere? Is it wrong to sing love for a cousin? God, the nightmares I used to have over thank you notes... -- John Dobbin
Clothe an idea in words and it loses its freedom of movement. -- Egon Friedell
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. -- Mark Twain
Clothing makes the man, but no clothing makes the woman. -- John Dobbin
Cloud nine gets all the publicity, but cloud eight is cheaper, less crowded, and has a better view. -- George Carlin
Cluck, cluck, gibble, gibble, my pa's a raving mushroom. -- Blackadder IV
Cluefulness is neccessarily correlated with ambition to achieve anything. The first rank at least has that much of a self-selection bias in its favor. -- Rohit Khare
cluelessness leads to flapping... flapping leads to dampening... dampening leads to suffering -- unknown #cisco denizen
Cluelessness... try it!
Clutter and confusion are failures of design, not attributes of information. There's no such thing as information overload. -- Edward Tufte
CMU was a *hard* place. Human life was cheap. Respect for God and clean language was non-existant. Murder and death were the code of existence. Exceptionally foul language occurred nearly every three to four minutes. -- Cube (Forum2000)
CNN reported that the new prime was 4 times bigger than the former largest prime.
Coastal access, next left.
Cobain faked his death and is now delivering pizzas for Domino's in Sonoma County in California.
Cobol has almost no fervent enthusiasts. As a programming tool, it has roughly the sex appeal of a wrench. -- Charles Petzold (Programming Languages: Survivors and Wannabes)
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
COBOL programmers do it very slow.
Cobol programmers understand why women hate periods.
Cobol programs are an exercise in artificial inelegance.
COBOL. Hell's language. In Hell. C and C++ programmers decipher and maintain undocumented decades old code written in a language they don't even know, which was maintained by people who didn't know COBOL, either. Patience begins here. -- Robert Rodgers
COBOL's not brain surgery. Maybe more like shooting a pistol in random directions. -- Wayne Baisley
Cobra, n.: Bra worn by Siamese twins.
Coca-Cola is the Official Carbonated Beverage That Tastes Pretty Much The Same as Pepsi of the 1996 Olympics. -- Dave Barry
Coca-Cola literally translates to "Bite The Wax Tadpole" in Japanese.
Cocaine -- the thinking man's Aspirin.
Cocaine -- the thinking man's Dristan.
Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.
Cocaine isn't habit-forming. I should know. I've been using it for years. -- Tallulah Bankhead
Cocaine isn't what it is cracked up to be.
Code so clean... you can eat off it.
Code, n.: A means of concealing bugs favored by programmers.
Coding, n.: An addictive drug.
Coffee in England is just toasted milk.
Coffee is a social disorder.
Coffee is not for kids. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Coffee without brandy is a terrible mix. -- Sailor of the Seven Seas
COFFEE.COM not found: (A)bort, (R)eheat, (S)nooze
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum -- I think that I think, therefore I think that I am. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Cogito eggo sum. I think, therefore I waffle.
Cogito ergo cogito
Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong. -- Blair Houghton
Cogito ergo spud. I think, therefore I yam.
Cogli l'attimo Cogli l'attimo.
Cogno-intellectual? What a truly awful word. In a cogno-intellectual way of course. -- John Dobbin
Cohen's Second Law: People are divided into two groups - the righteous and the unrighteous. And the righteous do the dividing.
Coin tossing, cookie tossing, rock rolling, fantastic weirding... it's amazing that we ever have ANY free time. -- Adam Rifkin
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
Coincidence, n.: You weren't paying attention to the other half of what was going on.
Coincidence? Illuminati plot? Or just another A-Phi-O service? -- Steve Bates
Coincidences always happen for a reason.
Coincidences are spiritual puns. -- G.K. Chesterton
COIT-MURPHY'S STATEMENT ON THE POWER OF NEGATIVE THINKING: It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
COKE IS IT
Cokes are 49 cents apiece. Two for a dollar.
Cold pizza: the generic breakfast
Cold, adj.: When the local flashers are handing out written descriptions.
Cold, adj.: When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own pockets.
Cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage.
Collaboration, n.: A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the other fellow can spell.
College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the trustees played. There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity. -- H.L. Mencken
College is a fountain of Knowledge... and the students are there to drink.
College is like a woman --- you work so hard to get in, and nine months later you wish you'd never come.
College isn't the place to go for ideas. -- Hellen Keller
Colleges should enforce academic standards for athletes. If an athlete earns a letter, he should be able to spell it.
Collimate, v. tr.: 1. To make parallel; line up. 2. To adjust the line of sight of (an optical device).
Colonel North, do you understand what we mean by the U.S.S.R.? Yes sir, it is a code name for Russia.
Colophon, n.: 1. An inscription placed usually at the end of a book, giving facts about its publication. 2. A publisher's emblem or trademark placed usually on the title page of a book.
Colophon: this post was written at LAX, inflight to ORD, at ORD, inflight BWI-DEN, at DEN, and inflight DEN-LAX (and Toi's). I need a longer battery... -- Rohit Khare
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Colours seen by candlelight will not look the same by day. -- E.B. Browning
Colvard's Logical Premises: All probabilities are 50%. Either a thing will happen or it won't.
Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary: This is especially true when dealing with someone you're attracted to.
Combine the best of both world. KILL and EAT your enemies. ... SWM seeks SF, 25-34 for quick snack. You: meaty and full of proteiny goodness. Me: canabalistic and hungry. -- dys@bonesaw.com
Come as you are. As you were. As you'd want me to be. -- Nirvana
Come back ya pansie! I'll bite yer legs off! -- Monty Python (The Holy Grail)
Come down off the cross; we need the wood. -- Arthur Miller (The Ride Down Mount Morgan)
Come down off your charlie horse. -- David Farber
Come get me when they show the shower scene in Dressed to Kill. -- PCU
Come in the Bahamas. -- Crazy People
Come on down to 292 Chesterville Rd, Moorabbin, and let me, do it right for YOU
Come on, admit it. Don't you guys miss drugs a little? -- Seinfeld
Come on, I'll show you to my room. That sounds so weird when it's not followed by no thank you, it's late. -- Friends
Come on, that's not fair. Doesn't everybody steal toilet paper in college? -- John Dobbin
Come on. The first thing Uncle Eli teaches the little sperm in Reeboks is how to sneak into the ball park. -- The Opposite Sex
Come roll in all the riches all around you, and for once, never wonder what they're worth. -- Pocahontas
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is NOTHING like Shakespeare. -- Blair Houghton
Come! Let us dance like children of the night. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
Come, and take choice of all my library, and so beguile thy sorrow. -- Titus Andronicus [IV.i.34]
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, And every vector dreams of matrices. Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: It whispers of a more ergodic zone. -- Stanislaw Lem (Cyberiad)
Come, let us hasten to a higher plane, Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn, Their indices bedecked from one to n, Commingled in an endless Markov chain -- Stanislaw Lem (Cyberiad)
comes here a man would have from madame death neverless now and without winter spring? -- e.e. cummings
Comfort is not an emotion that needs to be administered vaginally. -- Jay McInerney (Brightness Falls)
Comics are like gossamer, and you don't dissect gossamer. -- The New Yorker editor on Seinfeld
Coming in second place just means you were the first person to lose. -- Jeff Hawkins
Coming Soon Mouse Support for Edlin
Coming soon to a store near you: AirBag for Windows95. Designed by the world's top engineers to protect you from injury when you slam your head into your monitor in frustration.
Coming Soon. Mouse Support for Turbo Edlin
Coming Soon... Turbo Edlin
Coming soon: Mouse support for edlin...
Coming soon: Netware for Nintendo
Coming soon: Netware for the Nintendo...
Coming up next... a *VERY* special Blossom.
Coming up with a Cool Name is the hardest part of writing a new program. -- Rob Earhart
Coming with the style of a Celtic rebel, those that ain't on my level call me the blue-eyed devil. -- House of Pain
Coming, I don't enter by the gate. Leaving I don't exit by the door. This very body is the land of tranquil light.
Comins' Law: People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Command - used to instruct computers. Usually elicits the response Syntax error.
Command, n.: A suggestion made to a computer.
Command, n.: Statement presented by a human and accepted by a computer in such a manner as to make the human feel as if he is in control.
Commandment #3: "Thou shalt not Bogart thy neighbor's bud." -- Top 5
Commandments 11-20: Moses Strikes Back. -- Top 5
COMMENT Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania. -- Dorothy Parker
Commie governments rewrite history. Only the future is certain; the past is ever changing.
Commit drive-by shootings on the information super-highway. -- Bruce Sherrod
Commit random acts of kindness and senseless beauty.
Commit the oldest sins the newest kind of ways.
Commit yourself to a dream... Nobody who tries to do something great but fails is a total failure. Why? Because he can always rest assured that he succeded in life's most important battle. He defeated the fear of trying. -- Robert H. Schuller
Commiting suicide would be the last thing for me to do... -- Herman Finkers
Commitment, n. Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs. The chicken is involved, and the pig is committed. -- Richard Knapp
Commitment, n.: Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs. The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.
Committee: A group of people who individually can do nothing, but collectively can only decide that nothing can be done.
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be appointed to do the work.
Committing crimes is not necessarily the most desirable way of becoming involved in your community.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius. -- George Bernard Shaw
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks he has enough. -- Descartes (1637)
Common sense is very uncommon.
Common sense isn't...
Communication Breakdown, it's always the same. I'm having a nervous breakdown, it drives me insane. -- Led Zeppelin
Communication has changed so rapidly in the last 20 years, it's almost impossible to predict what might occur even in the next decade. E-mail, which now sends data hurtling across vast distances at the speed of light, has replaced primitive forms of communication such as smoke signals, which sent data hurtling across vast distances at the speed of light. Let's suppose that you want to say, "I am a jerk." In the 18th century, you would have to go around person to person and utter the phrase individually to each one of them. However, here in the third millennium, with our advances in telephone communication, it is possible to say, "I am a jerk" to a thousand people at a time by forgetting to turn off your cell phone and having it ring during a performance of "Death of a Salesman." -- Steve Martin
Communications majors do it with their mouths.
Communion performed with tortilla chips and a shot of Cuervo. -- Top 5
Communism failed because it can't account for ethereal things like haircuts and financial services. -- Robert Harley
Communism is like a mouth on a lollipop.
Communism is the most painful path from capitalism to capitalism.
Communism: What's not illegal, is compulsory.
Communist China is technologically underdeveloped because they have no alphabet and therefore cannot use acronyms to communicate ideas at a faster rate.
Communists do it without class.
Comntempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people's happiness, and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race. -- Bertrand Russell
Company dental plan now consists of pliers and string. -- Top 5
Compaq was founded by a farmer. Or is it just a coincidence that their definition of "customer service" seems to come from it's use in animal husbandry? -- Rob Earhart
Comparatively few women post to the Usenet; those who do are instantly bombarded with thousands of "friendly" notes from sex-starved net surfers hoping to score a new friend. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Comparisons are as bad as cliches.
Compassion is a virtue but i don't have the time. -- Talking Heads
Compassion is no substitute for justice. -- Rush Limbaugh
Compatible, n.: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.
Competence always contains the seeds of incompetence.
Competition brings out the best in products and the worst in people. -- David Sarnoff
Competition brings out the worst in people and the best in products. -- David Sarnov
Complaints? Write them here legibly []
Complete this sentence: I never met a man I didn't like a. to cheat. b. at first. c. to avoid. d. better than you. -- Robert Byrne
Completion of any task within the allocated time and budget does not bring credit upon the performance personnel -- it merely proves that the task was easier than expected.
Comprehension is a problem here. You want to begin your paragraph with a topic sentence, followed by two or three sentences that illustrate your point. Your final sentence should sum up and conclude what you said. Your above assault on English syntax should not be tolerated... -- Fran Connor
Compress - Female of Comperor.
Compulsive Gambler, n.: A guy who would rather lay a bet.
Computability theory and lexical scoping are fine things to know about, but they just don't cut the mustard when somebody from the Psych department opens up on you with an Ingram set to full auto. -- Olin Shivers
Computational Physicist and all around nice guy.
Computer actors will never be great; they only get bit parts
Computer chips are small because computers take small bytes.
Computer engineers do it bit by bit.
Computer genius and billionaire Bill Gates' wife is pregnant. Gates explained, 'Don't let the name Microsoft fool you.' -- Conan O'Brien
Computer graphics: the only CS field where if it looks right, it is right. Ho hum. -- Robert Harley
Computer Lie #1: You'll never use all that disk space.
Computer modelers simulate it first.
Computer nerds have pictures of beautiful women in their X background so they can say, "She's my X girlfriend."
Computer possessed? Try DEVICE=C:\EXOR.SYS
COMPUTER PROGRAMMER WANTED. Some Assembly Required.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte
Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
Computer Science - as a field, we're like that asshole teenager next door. -- Jim Zelenka
Computer science has the unfortunate characteristic that many of the pioneers in the field are still alive and doing research. -- Adam Rifkin
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Computer science is too important to be left to computer scientists. -- a recent Caltech provost
Computer Science majors do it bit by bit.
Computer Scientists automate it.
Computer Scientists can give you lots of pointers.
Computer Scientists do it byte by byte.
Computer, microwave decks 5-10 until piping hot. BEEP
Computer, n.: A million morons working at the speed of light.
Computer: a device which is designed to drive human beings insane.
Computer: Intel Inside. You: Imbecile Inside. -- Top 5
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Computers are OUR business, our ONLY business
Computers ARE the future. Oh the future looks grim
Computers are the tools of the devil. It is as simple as that. There is no monotheism strong enough that it cannot be shaken by Unix or any Microsoft product. The devil is real. He lives inside C programs. -- Phil Greenspun
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. -- Pablo Picasso
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except those that just don't add up. -- James Magary
Computers can never replace human stupidity.
Computers do what you tell them to do, not what you want them to do.
Computers help us do stupid things faster.
Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons. -- Popular Mechanics (forecasting the relentless march of science, 1949)
Computers Rule 01001111 01001011.
Computers run on faith, not electrons.
Computers save time like kudzu prevents soil erosion. -- Al Castanoli
Computers this powerful are supposed to shut themselves down, after you've asked them to. Turning one off with the hard switch is like lulling someone to sleep by severing their spinal column. -- Neal Stephenson.
Computers unite you have nothing to lose but your operators.
Computers will be small enough to hold in your hand, and everyone will have them. By the end of my lifetime [2020] you will be able to hold every word of the Library of Congress in your hands, and they will have passed a law against it. -- Michael Hart (Executive Director, Project Gutenberg)
Con 'sta pioggia e con 'sto vento chi e' che bossa a 'sto convento?
Conan, the day you get your talk show is the day there'll be peace in the Middle East. -- Conan O'Brien
Conceit causes more conversation than wit. -- La Rouchefoucauld
Concentrate on security.
Concept, n.: Any idea for which an outside consultant billed you more than $25,000.
Concerned Salmon would be an excellent name for a rock band. -- John Feiler and Megan Coughlin (musing about the worried expression on the faces of some salmon Megan painted)
Concrete shoes, cyanide, TNT, contracts, neckties, high voltage, done dirt cheap. -- AC/DC
Condense soup, not books!
Conditional branch, n.: A dowsing rod.
Conditional jumps is when you tell the computer to go to a certain place. Unconditional is if you put it in the wrong place so the computer goes to the wrong place.
Conditions are so multivariate that it's difficult to isolate causes from effects. -- Adam Rifkin
Condom Classics: Before you bag her, sheath your dagger.
Condom Classics: Cover your stump before you hump.
Condom Classics: Don't be a fool; vulcanize your tool.
Condom Classics: Don't be silly, rubber that willy.
Condom Classics: Feeling spunky? Cap that monkey.
Condom Classics: It'll be sweeter if you wrap your peter.
Condom Classics: Package your meat before going into heat.
Condom, n.: External storage.
Condominium, n.: A prophalectic for midgets.
Condominiums are not effective birth control.
Condoms only work during the school year. -- Rush Limbaugh
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff. -- Peter de Vries
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career.
Confidence is telling someone how to use his Twit Filter.
Confidence is the feeling you have before understanding the situation.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you fully understand the situation.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Confidence is very sexy. Don't you think? -- Jack Palance
Confidence is what you feel when you do not really understand the situation.
Conformity obstructs progress.
Confucious say too much. -- recent Chinese saying
Confucious say: 'I have no time for monks resisting the carnival'
Confucious say: A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it, is committing a second mistake.
Confucious say: Before flushing the toilet of despair, wait until the urine of hope is depleted.
Confucious say: He who lives in glass house should change clothes in basement.
Confucious say: He who lose key to girlfriends apartment get no new key.
Confucious say: I didn't say that!
Confucious say: Man spit in wind, wind spit back.
Confucious say: Man standing on toilet is high on pot.
Confucious say: Man who get hit by car, get that run down feeling.
Confucious say: Man who go to bed with stiff problem, often wake up with solution in hand.
Confucious say: Man who jumps through screen door likely to strain himself.
Confucious say: Man who meows ate pussy!
Confucious say: Man with athletic finger make broad jump.
Confucious say: Man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day long.
Confucious say: Man with no legs bums around.
Confucious say: Relax.
Confucious say: Those who quote me are fools.
Confucious say: Wife for life better than wife for strife.
Confucious say: Woman run faster with skirt up than man with pants down.
Confucious say: Woman who fly upside down said to have crack up in air.
Confucious say: Woman who puts chicken and peas in soup very unhygienic.
Confucious say: Woman who slide down bannister make monkey shine.
Confucious say: Woman worth her weight in gold usually cost as much.
Confucius say: I have no time for monks resisting the carnival
Confucius says: Cross the river, THEN insult the crocodiles.
Confuse people: start making sense.
Confused is when you see your mother-in-law drive off a cliff in your new BMW.
Confusion is always increasing in society.
Confusion is the state of mind when you're not really sure you have one. -- Louisa Bennett
Confusion not only reigns, it pours.
Confusion say duck who fly upside down have quack up.
Confusticate and bebother these dwarves.
Congratulations Data, it's a girl. -- Troy (Star Trek, The Next Generation, The Offsprin)
Congratulations The pressure will stop soon.
Congratulations You are the 16,777,216th user to login to our system.
Congratulations You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
Congratulations You have now used up another 250 hours of CPU time.
congratulations! you are the first person to crash my new computer. you have won a stream of obscenities.
Congratulations, StarFighter, you have now reached the level of mid semester senior. Your score is 1390 for 360 moves. Would you like to proceed (Y/N)? -- Robert Rodgers
Congratulations, the easiest $1000 you will probably make. -- William Rifkin (10/28/97)
CONgress (n) - Opposite of PROgress
Congress is a speed bump on the information superhighway.
Congress is discussing adding 2 new faces to Mount Rushmore. President Bill Clinton's.
Congress may not enact discriminatory legislation because it desires to insulate heterosexual service members from statements that might excite their prejudices. -- US Fed Judge Eugene Nickerson (In his ruling against the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy regarding gays in the U.S. military)
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. -- First Amendment of the US Constitution
Congress should apologize to all women, because if we'd had the vote, we would have voted against slavery since we know what it's like having been wives.
Congress spends like a drunk sailor, and that's unfair for two reasons. The sailor spends his own money, and, eventually, he sobers up. -- Richard Nixon
Congress will pass a law restricting public comment on the Internet to individuals who have spent a minimum of one hour actually accomplishing a specific task while on line. -- Andrew Grove (Intel Corp CEO, NY Times, 1/2/96)
CONNOR'S SECOND LAW: If something is confidential it will be left in the copier machine.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends. -- H.L. Mencken
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking. -- H.L. Mencken
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscience, n.: The thing that hurts when everything else feels great.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Consciousness is just a stupid hack. -- Danny Hillen
Consciousness, n.: That annoying time between naps.
Consequences, shmonsequences. So long as I'm rich. -- Daffy Duck
Conservatism is the policy of make no change and consult your grandmother when in doubt. -- Woodrow Wilson
Conservatism is the worship of dead revolutions.
Conservative, n.: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distiguished from a liberal, who wishes to replace them with others. -- Ambrose Bierce
Conservative, n.: One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead. -- Leo C. Rosten
Conserve energy --- make love more slowly.
Conserve energy. Be apathetic.
Consider how stupid the average person is, then think that half are dumber.
Consider the daffodil. And while you're doing that, I'll be over here, looking through your stuff. -- Jack Handey
Consider the postage stamp. Its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there. -- Josh Billings
Consider the set of all Erector Sets. If you owned all Erector Sets, you would not have many Erector Sets, but one Erector Set. The set of Erector Sets includes itself; the set of teaspoons does not. The set of teaspoons is not a teaspoon. Sets of familiar things like teaspoons do not include themselves, so one might presume we had a good grasp on the properties of these sets. -- Mack Rhinelander
consider your own movement on earth. Even if you are walking in a straight line, the earth itself is rotating about its axis and revolving around the sun, which in turn is revolving around the galaxy, which is in turn moving about the universe. So your true movement in space is nothing like a straight line. It is more like a Zig, a Zag, and then a Swirl. -- Alfred Lawson
Consider your reputation. Try changing your name and moving to a new town.
Considering that over half the traffic on this list is in response to postings or forwards from others, I do believe that you may have a better crack conncection than the rest of us, and suggest you kick down with your contact before the IS Death Squad opens a Touble Ticket on yer ass. -- Dana McIntosh
Considering what a wonderful invention computer are, they certainly have a way of making you feel like pouring coffee into their private parts and listening to them scream. -- Dave Barry
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago. -- Bernard Berenson
Consistent mediocrity, delivered on a large scale, is much more profitable than anything on a small scale, no matter how efficient it might be. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Conslutant, n.: A consultant who will do anything for anybody... for a fee.
Consolations, Consultations, Conflagrations.
Conspiracy, n.: The opiate of the asses.
Constant change is here to stay.
Constipation has made me a walking time bomb.
Constipation is the thief of time.
Consult a real expert - Call your mother
Consultancy - The art of extracting money from another man's pocket without resorting to violence.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Consultation, n.: Medical term meaning "to share the wealth".
Consulting is like dating - you smile a lot, you pretend to enjoy yourself, and wait for some jerk to call you back.
Consuming Jaegermeister is like drinking liquid valium. -- The Spot
Contact with a friend may provide some unexpected income advantages.
Contacts Plus... The adventure continues.
Contains less than 2% U.S. RDA for this echo
Contemplation is the fornication of the mind. -- Gary Benson
Contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people's happiness, and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race. -- Bertrand Russell
Contentsoftaglinemaysettleduringshipping.
Context is important, but not nearly as important as content. -- Adam Rifkin
Contextually? [Zeitgeist is] another word people use to sound cool that doesn't really convey meaning. -- Megan Coughlin
Continental Life. Why do you ask?
Contraceptive, n.: A labor saving device to be worn on every conceivable occasion.
Contracrostipunctus, n.: A study in levels of meaning. -- Douglas Hofstadter
Contractions aren't necessary.
Contrariwise, continued Tweedledee, if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic -- Lewis Carroll (Through the Looking Glass)
Contrary to popular belief, banging harder on the keys does not decrease the chances of making a mistake.
Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern technology. Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.
Contrary to the beliefs of some, I don't have a drinking problem, I have a drinking solution. -- Sarah Sterling
Contrary to what its critics may think, however, day trading is a science, like chemistry or astrology, with its own rigorously tested set of principles. You wouldn't perform open-heart surgery without first going to two years of medical school; similarly, you shouldn't risk your life savings on the Internet without spending the thirty minutes it takes to learn these rules. The rules of stock selection apply equally to all industries: automotive companies, like Ford and General Motors, or chip makers, like Intel and Frito-Lay. -- Andy Borowitz
CONTRARY to what many women believe, it's fairly easy to develop a long-term, stable, intimate, and mutually fulfilling relationship with a guy. Of course this guy has to be a Labrador retriever. -- Dave Barry
Contrary to what you might think, I am not the animal that urinated on your car's fender.
Control-Alt-Delete thyself
Convalescence is that vague time when you're better than you were but still not as well as you were before you were as sick as you are now.
Convention is the ruler of all.
Conventions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies. -- Nietzsche
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius. Count that day lost whose low descending sun  Views from thy hand no worthy action done.
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Conversation Piece, n.: A girl who likes to talk in bed.
Conversation, n.: A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath is called the listener.
Conversations are the currency with which we negotiate our own future.
Conversed with any plankton lately?
Convicted rapper Tupac Shakur says he's not a gangster, he's an artist. Great, a few more felonies and we can hang him in the Louvre.
Conway's Law: In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired.
Cooks do it with oil.
Cool is only three letters away from Fool. -- Mike Muir
Cool only in the sense that it slows the flow of electrons in your brain to nearly zero as your interest in the topic converges on -459.67 F. -- Rohit Khare
Cool Site of the Day, nothing! Where's my Cool Site of the Hour?
Cool, a toilet. They should put more toilets in videos. -- Beavis
Cool, I think. Do I care? -- Bruce Sherrod
Cool, it's giving a DIFFERENT error now. -- Derrick Brashear
Cool, it's the semi-annual Tiffany list message. -- John Dobbin
Cool's eternal, but it's always dated. -- Fugazi
Coolie, n.: A quickie in the snow.
COOPER'S METALAW: A proliferation of new laws creates a proliferation of new loopholes.
Cope. Dope. Mope. Soap? Nope. Actually, rope was what I expected after soap. The only other words I can think of for this are: grope, hope, pope, scope, slope, taupe. Any I'm missing? -- John Dobbin
Copy from another: plagiarism. Copy from many: research.
Copy nature and you infringe on the work of our Lord. Interpret nature and you are an artist. -- Jacques Lipchitz
Copyright 1990,1991 BeakSoft Inc. All Rights Reserved. Permission is granted to copy, modify, and use this as long as this notice remains intact. CMU Sucks. -- Beak License
Copyright the Intergalactic Thought Association.
Copywight 1991 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved
Core storage, n.: A receptacle for the center section of apples
Corin fucked me by telling me to fuck off, took my book, found out new stuff and won't tell me what. Esteban fucked me by deciding not to tell me anything about anything anymore. Tanamor just fucked me. -- Nichole on MasqueradeMUSH
Corn isn't a problem. It's on the edible list. Corn, peas, carrots, lettuce in some situations, pickles, potatoes, string beans in some situations. -- John Dobbin
Corners wear off, said the big O, and shapes change. -- Shel Silverstein
CORNUELLE'S LAW: Authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them.
Coronation, n.: The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite bomb. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Corporate beer: less taste, more filling. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
Corporation, n.: An ingenious device for obtaining individual profit without individual responsibility. -- Ambrose Bierce
Correct me if I'm wrong, but hasn't the fine line between sanity and madness gotten finer?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Thou Shalt Not Kill one of your main Commandments? And Thou Shalt Not Be A Lesbian didn't even make the top ten. -- Megan Coughlin
Corrupt Data - a copy of Mac Playmate.
Corrupt, adj.: In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner. His job is to enforce the law and fight crime. -- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan
Cost consciousness and sophisticated design are basically incompatible.
Could be an ever-opening flower.
Could crop circles be the work of a cereal killer?
Could life possibly suck any more? -- Robert Harley
Could she be any more out of my league? Right now, I'm very conscious of my tongue. -- Friends
Could you excuse me? My cat gets lonely if he doesn't hear my voice on the answering machine every hour.
Could you please play that Michael Jackson song? I haven't heard it in about 45 minutes. -- John Dobbin
Could you please spot us a pizza? -- Reality Bites
Could you turn the light down from 'Inquisition' to 'mellow?' -- Andrew Williams
Couldn't myself have better it said. -- Chris Stevens (KBHR)
Count Dracula, your Bloody Mary is ready.
Counter, n.: An area over which martinis are served
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal if you are all thumbs.
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal if you don't use your thumbs
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is grace under pressure. -- Ernest Hemingway
Courage is not freedom from fear. It's being afraid and moving on.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not the absence of fear. -- Mark Twain (Pudd'nhead Wilson)
Courage is your greatest present fault.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Court jesters do it in front of a crowd (for laughs).
Cousteau's films about the lives of sea creatures were perhaps the only french films in history to not feature nudity and a complex sub-plot about socialism. -- Comedy Central News
Cover me, I'm about to change lanes.
Cover me. I'm changing lanes.
Covered in hope, and vaseline, still cannot fix this broken machine. -- Nine Inch Nails
Coward, n.: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Coward: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
CPAV Warning:(S)top (C)ontinue (B)urn infected disk
CPU - Random number generator
CPU time flies when you're having fun.
Crabgrass can grow on bowling balls in airless rooms, and there is no known way to kill it that does not involve nuclear weapons.
Crafty weasel-like hedging? From CMU? You don't say. -- Dan Martinez
Crambo, n.: Watching a Stallone movie a dozen times in a week.
Crane's Law: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
Crash programs fail because they are based on the theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month. -- Wernher von Braun
Crash, n.: Normal termination.
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE
Create a vision and never let the environment, other people's beliefs, or the limits of what has been done in the past shape your decisions. Ignore conventional wisdom. -- Anthony Robbins
Create the impression that you have already reached your level of incompetence.
Create your own opportunity. Blackmail a senior executive.
Creation is a drug I can't do without. -- Cecil B. DeMille
Creation is quite different from sex, unless you take everything to a metaphoric level, which if you do, you should never allow your children to play with Legos. -- Ken Nagle
Creative breakthroughs are experiential. They don't come from intellectual analysis. -- Lucia Capacchione
Creative marketing, n.: A company that owns 15 donut shops and 4 weight loss clinics.
Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training. -- Anna Freud
Creativity in programming is to find deep simplicities in a complex process. -- Harlan Mills
Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Creativity is just connecting things. When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn't really do it, they just saw something. It seemed obvious to them after a while. That's because they were able to connect experiences they've had and synthesize new things. -- Steve Jobs
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous. -- Bill Moyers
Creativity is the juxtaposition of formerly unrelated ideas to product new ideas. -- The Journal of NIH Research
Creativity often consists of merely turning up what is already there. Did you know that right and left shoes were thought up only a little over a century ago? -- Bernice Fitz-Gibbon
Creature from the black latrine. -- Blackadder II
Credit is a system that lets us start at the bottom and dig ourselves a hole.
Credit is what keeps you from knowing how far past broke you are. -- Zingers
Creditors have better memories than debtors. -- Ben Franklin
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
Credulity is the man's weakness, but the child's strength. -- Charles Lamb
Crewman Green, step on that rock <BOOM>
Crime Control: Fire a warning shot into his HEART!
Crime does not pay... as well as politics. -- A.E. Newman
Crime doesn't pay... does that mean my job is a crime?
Crime is a job. Sex is a job. Growing up is a job. School is a job. Going to parties is a job. Religion is a job. Being creative is a job. -- David Byrne
Crime is down, and oddly enough, so is tourism. -- Brain Candy
Crime is so bad in the city they're opening more doughnuts shops.
Crime is so rampant in most big cities that now even muggers travel in pairs.
Crime wouldn't pay if the government ran it.
Criminals do commit 90% of all crimes. -- John Dobbin
Cringely's Second Law states that in computers, ease of use with equivalent performance varies with the square root of the cost of development. -- Robert X. Cringely
Critic, n.: A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries to please him. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Critical error: (S)hout, (S)mash, (B)uy a mac.
Critical path method, n.: A management technique for losing your shirt under perfect control.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
Crittendon's 14th application of Murphy's First Law: You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
Croll's Query: If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
crop circles are just the aliens' way of publishing their public keys. -- Meng Wong
cropped it a bit to get rid of some unneccessary venetian blindness, ran it through the 'neon glow' photoshop filter, applied a radial blur originating at your eyes, then used a spot-sharpening tool to re-sharpen just your eyes so that they would be the scary focus of the shot... er, i mean, NINJA TECHNO ARTIST FOO! I'LL NEVER TELL MY SECRET!!!!#$!%!! -- Kate Cronin
Cross a midget with a computer and you get a short circuit.
Cross country skiing is great, if you live in a small country.
Crossposting isn't inherently evil, in the same sense that necrophilia doesn't really hurt anybody. One wonders only whether it's appropriate to the occasion. -- Rick Gordon
Crotch Masculine Deodorant Spray. When a man wants to feel good, he reaches for his Crotch. -- Steve Archer
CRT emissions are physically addictive. -- Cecil Adams
Cruciverbalist, n.: ???
Cruel and unusual employment.
Crusher: Worf, have you seen Wesley? Worf: No, I haven't
Cryonicists Stay Stiff Longer.
Cryptic or stupid. You decide.
Cryptography is an enormously powerful tool that needs to be controlled, just as we control bombs and rockets. -- David A. Lytel (President's Office of Science and Technology Policy)
CS Majors: We do more after 11pm than most people do all day.
Cthulhu cthucks, but does he cthwallow?
Cthulhu does it on an island.
Cthulhu saves. In case he's hungry later.
Cuba used to have a great rowing team, but all the really good rowers ended up on the US team.
Cult of Aloneness, n.: The need for autonomy at all costs, usually at the expense of long-term relationships. Often brought about by overly high expectations of others. -- Douglas Coupland
Cult: It just means not enough people to make a minority. -- Robert Altman
Cultivate the habit of early rising. It is unwise to keep the head long on a level with the feet.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Cunnilingus is a real tongue twister.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Curiosity didn't kill the cat. I got 'im with the mower
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
Curiosity killed the Kerouac cat. -- Bad Religion
Curious people are interesting people. Why is that? -- Bill Maher
Curiouser and curiouser! cried Alice.
Curiously enough, the only thing that went through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was Oh No, Not Again.
Currency (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Current American thought has its underpinnings in the past 30 years of bad TV. -- Gabe Underwood
Curse the candle, let's have the night sky.
Cursor - small blob on the screen, usually flashing.
CURSOR: What you become when your system crashes.
Customers care that you give them what they want. Analysts care that you give the customers what they want. Nobody cares what you want to give your customers unless it's not what the customer wants, in which case, hey, nobody cares. -- Faisal Jawdat
Cut life support to all quarters with children -- Picard
Cut my pizza in six slices, please; I can't eat eight.
Cut myself on angel's hair and baby's breath. -- Nirvana
Cute animals and kids never go out of style. -- John Dobbin
Cute is NOT pretty. Striking? Pretty with a big nose. Sexy? Pretty and easy. Voluptuous? Pretty and fat. Exotic? Ugly. -- Newsradio
Cute, but how do you pick up peanuts? And how do you breathe through that little thing?
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity. It eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation. -- Johnny Hart
Cutting through the acronyms and argot that littered the hearing testimony, the Internet may fairly be regarded as a never-ending worldwide conversation. The Government may not, through the CDA, interrupt that conversation. -- Judge Dalzell (CDA panel)
Cwm fjord-bank glyphs vext quiz.
Cyber Linguist Extraordinaire.
Cybersex. I'm still waiting for someone to admit that the sight of some computer type sitting infront of his computer with a fake vagina wired to the parallel port is rather sad and not exciting. -- Robert Rodgers
Cyberspace is an illusion, virtual reality is not reality, instantaneous communication with bodies huddled over computer screens is not communication. It's funny how many people have swallowed the WWW bait. People itch to go home and log on to the WWW. -- The Raven (Anarchist Quarterly, Vol. 8, no 4. ISSN 0951 4066)
Cyberspace is the great equalizer, of sex and sexual orientation, of race and color and religion and creed and philosophy and aspirations. It has great potential, don't you think? -- Adam Rifkin
Cycle stealing, n.: Petty larceny.
Cyclic Redundancy Check, n.: Taking inventory at a bike shop.
Cynic, n.: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be. Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Cynic, n.: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
Cynic: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
Cynics are people who know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Cynosure, n.: 1. An object that serves as a focal point of attention and admiration. 2. Something that serves to guide.
D.A.M: Mothers Against Dyslexia
D.O.S. - program designed to make an even flow of dust round the disk.
Dachshunds with erections can't climb stairs. -- Les Barker
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis. -- Jack Handey
Dad once told me, Son, if you can make a big girl feel small, and a small girl feel tiny, then you've got something.
Dad, have you seen Blip? I can't find him anywhere
Daddy, is he spreading pollen all over her now?
Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C: mean?
Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C:..... mean ?
Daddy, what does RESET mean
Daddy, why doesn't this magnet pick up this floppy disk?
Daed si laup.
Daily breakfast ritual: a little hair of the dog and a fresh stogie. -- Top 5
Dairy group. Milk duds. Hide these under your pillow so your mom doesn't find them, because if she does, you're tweaked, buddy. -- Encino Man
Daisies of the world unite You have nothing to lose but your chains.
Dallas,TX: Where we shoot Presidents and shoot people who shoot Presidents.
DAM - Mothers Against Dyslexia.
Damage control is easy. Reading Klingon -- that's hard.
DAMM - Drunks Against MADD Mothers.
Dammit Bones, I'm a captain, not a doctor
Dammit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a tagline writer.
Dammit! Rob posted my entire point, and made it more succinct. -- Sam Greenfield
Dammit! This means I'm going to have to read the documentation. This is not the way it's supposed to be. -- Richard Bullington
Dammit, be. LIBERAL. in what you accept and. CONSERVATIVE. in what you send! -- Chris Hanson
dammit, I was hoping to get through the day without thinking about mav's bladder or anything -- Adam Rixey
Dammit, Jim I'm a doctor, not a physician -- McCoy
Dammit, Jim, I'm a floor wax, not a dessert topping
Dammit, we just sprayed for goths last week!
Dammit. i wish there were some sheep around here i could fuck just to spite you. -- Chris Grimes
Damn It Jim I'm a Doctor not a Tagline writer
Damn Outta Antimatter. I told Geordi $50 wasn't enough
Damn the rules, it's the feeling that counts. -- John Coltrane
Damn this hobby is expensive
Damn! I hate being the Voice of Reason (tm) (Microsoft patent pending).
Damn, damn and double damn. Damn it backwards into a narrow space, with a sideorder of hellfire, and twice on a Sunday. DAAAAAAAMN. -- Stephen Fry & Hugh Laurie
Damn, I love being on the cuting edge of obsolescence! -- Mark Diller
Damn, it hurts. It's a good pain. But it's painful. -- Jason Streitfield
Damn, we're smooth. -- Beavis
Damn. But just goes to prove the law of computing: Abandon All Hope of Good Products Ye Who Enter Here. -- Robert Rodgers
damn. missing 200000000 articles regarding neat subjects like "is my ass gothic?" sucks. oh the sadness. -- Kristiina Wilson
Damnit Jim, I'm a doctor not a Tagline...
Damnit, I am going to become the disenchanted technodork cliche or I'm going to die trying! -- Chris Rapier
dan doesn't need to be a girl, all he needs to do is find a dress that fits and accessorize to his heart's content. -- Andrew Stellman
Dan has just given me the Pilot killer app. "Keep track of all the potentially embarassing things Dan has said, to be used at the most opportune moments." -- Martin Frankel
Dan Marino should die of gonnorhea and rot in hell. Would you like a cookie, son? -- Ace Ventura
Dan Quayle hopes that, with luck, someone will step forward with a donor appendix. -- Jay Leno
Dan Quayle is the Rosetta Stone of American comedy. -- Dennis Miller
Dan Rather: Mogadishu. David Letterman: Gehzunteit.
Dan, could you please send me your phone # and e-mail address. It'll make it easier to contact you after my cat presses the "stop" button on my answering machine while you're trying leave a message. -- Mike Darweesh
Dance all around the word "pizza." Avoid saying it at all costs. If s/he says it, say, "Please don't mention that word."
Dance with the one that brought you. -- Ken Thompson
Dance. Bum Rush the speaker that booms. I'm killing your brain like a poisonous mushroom. -- Vanilla Ice
Dancers do it with grace.
Dancing, n.: A vertical expression of a horizontal intention.
Danger is nature's way of eliminating stupid people. -- Lawrence A. Bullis
Danger Will Robinson Danger Danger Danger Danger
DANGER! Computer store ahead, hide wallet!
Dangerous exercise: Jumping to conclusions.
Daphne: Come on now, Dr. Crane. It's not like men have never used sex to get what they want. Frasier: How can we possibly use sex to get what we want? Sex IS what we want! -- Frasier
Darby on the SATs: My life reduced to dots. -- George K. Darby
Darby Proverb: A hole is only as big as you dig it.
Darby Proverb: A rock is only as hard as you throw it.
Darby Proverb: Bush: stay out of mine.
Darby Proverb: Into shit we are seeking smell.
Darby Proverb: Never look a cow in the udder.
Darby Proverb: Physics makes the world go round.
Darby Proverb: Tears are tiny scars that last forever.
Darby Proverb: The act of survival will soon make us extinct.
Darby Proverb: The change your face you must break your mirror.
Darby Proverb: The earth rotates on a vegatable axis.
Darby Proverb: To leap you must jump.
Darby Proverb: Trees are extensions of the feelings of life.
Darby Proverb: Without rocks there wouldn't be sand.
Dare to be stupid. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Darkness envelopes the earth, but people in Portland and Seattle notice no difference. -- Jay Leno
Darkness is much faster than light. No matter how fast light travels, it will always find darkness there waiting.
Darling, n.: The popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment recall. -- Oliver Herford
Darmok and Jhilad at Tanagra
Darn Out of tribble tags
Darn STILL out of tribble tags
Darn! I had declared today a no-netscape-no-usenet-day. I'm only five minutes in the office and I just have to check this out... What a guy won't do for a tiny pixellated scan of an out-of-focus photograph of a babe. -- Robert Harley
Darryl Strawberry has pleaded guilty to tax evasion in exchange for a three month prison term. This means that the next time he's traded, it could be for a carton of cigarettes.
Darryl Strawberry turned 35, which is about 53 in drug years.
Darth Vadar Only you would be so bold.
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
Dat funky muzik will drive us till da dawn... let's go, let's bugaloo till we puke. -- Robin Williams
Data becomes vilently ill with a computer virus.
DATA COMPRESSION: What You Get When You Squish An Android
Data convinces the Coke machine that Pepsi is better.
Data does it in serial... -- Tasha Yar (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Data enjoys a lot of confusion, Jean-Luc. -- Deanna (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Data enjoys a smoke after interfacing with the Computer.
Data parallelism, n.: The model of parallel computing in which only one thing goes wrong at a time.
Data, data everywhere, and not a byte to eat
Data- It IS the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, Captain
Database administrators do it with their relations.
Date and meal have very much in common. Very much dog.
date of easter indicator is crossing the line from function to frivolity. imagine if you will, an M car with cupholders. oh wait. -- Vijay Gill
Dating advice: Be interested not interesting.
Dave, quit lying, I know you ate all the Cracklin' Oat Bran!
Dave... Dave? What are you doing Dave? -- Hal (2001)
David Duke threw in the sheet.
David Hasselhoff and optical storage technology make this all possible. -- Anu Kapoor
David Letterman recently recited what he claims is his email address when interviewed by Larry King: "WWWW.com.com.com.dot.dot.dot.com.com.diggedy.diggedy. dank.dot.com.diggedy.www.com.Dave.com.com.dot."
DAVIS' ANSWER TO ROGER'S LAW: Serving coffee on an aircraft causes turbulence.
Dawn, n.: The time when men of reason go to bed. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Dawn: The time when men of reason go to bed.
Dawson's First Law: You don't have enough outlets.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Daydreams, lies and trouble. That's the stuff of fiction. -- Robin Hemley
DC couture is notoriously ordinary, as though they have a wedding at five, a funeral at six, and have dressed for the mean. It's because women do serious work here. New York women dress in case they will be photographed. DC women dress in case they have to testify. -- James Lileks
DCE seeks DTE for mutual exchange of data.
De Gaulle remarks... about the American "will to power, cloaking itself in idealism." By now, this will to power is not so much cloaked in idealism as it is drowned in fatuity. -- Chomsky
De nos jours,un belge exile n'en vaut-il pas deux?
De-accession euphemisms.
Dead birds don't fall out of the nest. -- Winston Churchill
Dead cat brush (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Dead people are cool.
Dead puppies can be lots of fun. Collect and trade them with your friends..... -- Ken Nagle
Dead, huh? Well, that's one less thing. -- Beverly
Deadwood. Nineteenth Century Earth. The Ancient West.
DEAL'S SAILING LAW: the amount of wind varies inversely with the number and experience of the crew.
Dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: you've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.
Dean is an experienced customer relations team leader... and he's now authorized to bathe you in the healing light of forgiveness. -- Jesus Christ (The Onion Radio News)
Deanna tries to read my mind and sees taglines.
Deanna tries to read Picard's mind and sees Pontiac.
Dear Aunt Em, Love you. Hate Kansas. Took the dog. Love, Dorothy
Dear Dad: Hate you, eloping with Mom. Taking your cigars and sports car. -- Love (Sigmund)
Dear DEC, Sending me the README from the patch is not going to fix my problem. It will only anger me. Much like waving a steak just out of reach of a hungry bear. Yer buddy, jim -- Jim Zelenka
Dear Generation X, We are sorry to inform you of the death of "The Voice of Your Generation." We deeply regret his loss to suicide and wish you all the best in the future. Yours sincerely, The Management -- Lex Gibson
Dear God, So far today, I've done all right. I haven't gossiped, and I haven't lost my temper. I haven't been grumpy, nasty or selfish. But in a few minutes, God, I'm going to get out of bed and that is when I'm going to need a lot of help. Amen.
Dear God, You wouldn't need to make so many new people if you took better care of the one's you've already got.
Dear God... this... this... parachute is a KNAPSACK... -- Friends
Dear John, Don't be hard on yourself. Give yourself a break. Life wasn't meant to be run. The race is over. You won. -- John Lennon (Dear John)
Dear L. L. Bean, please rename the color choice for mens' boxers to something other than 'cream.' Many thanks.
Dear lord, please grant me the skill and ammunition to kill everyone who deserves to be killed, the judgment to pass over those who don't, and the wisdom to ignore the difference and just kill everybody. -- Elliott Evans
Dear Lord, the gods have been good to me. As an offering, I present these milk and cookies. If you wish me to eat them instead, please give me no sign whatsoever... thy bidding will be done (munch munch munch). -- Homer Simpson
Dear Lord: I just want *one* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On the other hand", again.
Dear Miss Manners: My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's elbows on the table. However, I have read that one elbow, in between courses, is all right. Which is correct?
Dear Miss Manners: Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.
Dear Mrs, Mr, Miss, or Mr and Mrs Daneeka: Words cannot express the deep personal grief I experienced when your husband, son, father or brother was killed, wounded, or reported missing in action. -- Catch-22
Dear prudence, won't you come out to play? Dear prudence, open up your eyes. Dear prudence, see the sunny skies. The wind is low, the birds will sing, that you are part of everything. -- the Beatles
Dear Prue, sober or not, I am ever yours. -- Richard Steele in 1716 to his wife
Dear scroll bar. You are wonderful. My days have benefited from the glory of your existence. I fully appreciate you and your amazing powers. May all of my applications be graced with your presence. -- Scott Berkun
dear women, stop being evil. love, may -- May Jawdat
Death and taxes are inevitable; at least death doesn't get worse every year.
Death before decaf!
Death before dishonor, but neither before breakfast.
Death before dishonor; drugs before noon. -- PJ O'Rourke's Etiquette for Rude People
Death before dissertation.
Death has been proven to be 99 per cent fatal in laboratory rats.
Death is 99 per cent fatal to laboratory rats.
Death is a nonmaskable interrupt.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Death is harsh and cruel... not some cute chick. -- The Maxx
Death is hereditary.
Death is life's answer to the question 'Why?'
Death is life's answer to the question, WHY?
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired. -- R. Geis
Death is lighter than a feather, duty is heavier than a mountian.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Death is nature's way of saying &quot;Your table is ready.&quot;
Death is Nature's way of saying 'slow down'.
Death is nature's way of saying HOWDY.
Death is nature's way of telling us to slow down.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death is only a state of mind. Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Death is only a state of mind.
Death is permanent, except in sequels.
Death is proven to be 99.9% fatal to all laboratory rats.
Death is something we're all destined to do. -- Forrest Gump
Death is the greatest kick of all. That's why they save it for last.
Death is the mother of all beauty. -- Wallace Stevens
Death Taxes Math Jazz -- on the wall of the Wean 5th floor men's room
Death, n.: To stop sinning suddenly. -- Ambrose Bierce
Death. The ultimate red light. Can you run it? -- John Dobbin
Death: The unfortunate side effect of attacking a cop.
Death: to stop sinning suddenly.
Debate is the jewel in the crown of analytical thinking, and it's something I admire. -- Michael Stipe
Debate, n.: What lures de fishes.
Debaters do it in pairs, orally, for eight minutes at a time, standing up, in front of a judge.
Debating the merits of one platform with the acolyte of another platform is like trying to make love to a cat... It doesn't do anything for you, and it pisses the cat off... -- jrg@punch.aero.org
Debbie Harry is def, dumb, and blonde.
Debonyms. How useful. ABF = Another Brick Falls... -- John Dobbin
Debug is human, de-fix divine.
Debug is human, de-fix, divine.
Debug, n.: What an exterminator does.
Debugger - de bloke dat sold us dis system.
Debugging is parallelizable. -- Jeff Dutky
Decaf, please. My heartbeat's already reached an acceptable rate for today. -- It Could Happen to You
Decaffeinated, n.: A cow who has just had an abortion.
Decay, inherent in all component things. -- Buddha (Last words)
Deceive not yourself, or you're really stupid.
Decide promptly, but never give any reasons. Your decisions may be right, but your reason are sure to be wrong. -- Lord Mansfield
Decision is a sharp knife that cut clean and straight. Indecision is a dull one that hacks and tears and leaves ragged edges behind. -- Ian McKeithen
Decisionmaker, n.: The person in your office who was unable to form a task force before the music stopped.
Decisions terminate panic.
Declaration of war, the short form.
Declare war on Tahiti; fly there immediately to begin a month of peace talks. -- Top 5
Decophobia: fear of Digital Equipment computers.
Decouple - De man and him missus.
Dee, the sarcastic sister from What's Happening? -- Friends
Deeds, not stones, are the true monuments of the great. -- John L. Motley
Deep down, all anyone really wants to be is the global village idiot. -- Dunderhead (Suck)
Deep down, you don't understand me.
Deep Impact - A dire warning that should concern us all. You may feel safe in your bed, but beware: even as you sleep, Earth is under threat from a vast, overheated surplus of character actors. -- The New Yorker
Deep Space Nine: The Third Coming of Star Trek
DEer Mystr Prisadent, I ned two lern too red badlee. Tim. Ps.. seand the chek to Tim Byars.
Default, n.: De line west of which CA will drift to sea at de next major quake.
Defeat: For every winner, there are dozens of losers. Odds are, you're one of them. -- www.despair.com
Defenders of the Usenet say that it is a grand compact based on cooperation. What they don't say is that it is also based on name-calling, harrassment, and letter-bombs. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Defense lawers referred to OJ as the embodiment of the "American Dream." Of course, they've also referred to sulfuric acid as "America's Favorite Thirst Quencher".
Define H2O and CO2? H2O is hot water and CO2 is cold water.
Define self-reference for me, please. -- Megan Coughlin
Define yourself and give three examples.
Define, n.: De ting you get for breaking de law.
Definition of a Pessimist: A man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it.
Definition of a school bus driver: a man who thought he liked children.
Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
Definition of Terror: A female Klingon with PMS.
Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
Degenerecy can be fun, but it's hard to keep up as a serious lifetime occupation.
Dei Sub Numine Widget
Deicide, deduced the cunning linguist.
Deja Fu: The feeling that somehow, somewhere, you've been kicked in the head like this before. -- Bruce Sherrod
Deja Moo, n.: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
Delayed payment, n.: A tourniquet applied at the pockets.
Delaying Win 98 would be like throwing sand in the anal lubricant. It would not change anything, just make it a bit more painful for Gates and the customers preparing themselves.
DELETE A FORTUNE Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts? Wouldn't you like to see some of them deleted from the system? You can Just mail to fortune with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it gets expunged.
Deliberation, n.: The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Deliver me, O Lord, from the errors of wise men, yea, and of good men. -- Archbishop Robert Leighton (1611-1684)
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Delivered by Electronic Sled-Dogs.....Woof!
DELPHI, in cooperation with the Microsoft Corporation, The Bavarian Illuminati, and the Annenberg CPB project, has secretly replaced this newsgroup with Dark, Sparkling, LSD crystals. We've been feeding them to the posters. Let's see if you can tell the difference. -- Faisal Jawdat
Delta: A real man lands where he wants to. -- David Letterman
Delta: The kids will love our inflatable slides. -- David Letterman
Delta: We never make the same mistake three times. -- David Letterman
Delta: We're Amtrak with wings. -- David Letterman
Dem special effects is FAN tastic. -- David Letterman
DEMENTED AND SAD, but social. -- The Breakfast Club
Democracy can learn some things from Communism. For example, when a Communist politician is through, he is through.
Democracy consists of choosing your dictators, after they've told you what you think it is you want to hear. -- Alan Coren
Democracy gives every man the right to be his own oppressor. -- James Russell Lowell
Democracy is a beautiful thing, except for that part about letting just any old yokel vote.
Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than we deserve. -- George Bernard Shaw
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management. -- Senator Soaper
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few. -- G.B. Shaw
Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't think.
Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses. -- H.L. Mencken
Democracy is based on the theorem that many men are smarter than one.
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb deciding what to have for lunch.
Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse. -- Jawaharlal Nehru
Democracy is grounded upon so childish a complex of fallacies that they must be protected by a rigid system of taboos, else even halfwits would argue it to pieces. Its first concern must thus be to penalize the free play of ideas. -- H.L. Mencken
Democracy is not a spectator sport. -- Bill Bradley
Democracy is the bludgeoning of the people, by the people, for the people. -- Oscar Wilde
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time. -- E.B. White
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard. -- H. L. Mencken
Democracy is three wolves and a sheep voting on what's for lunch.
Democracy's GREAT! Even George Bush can chunder!
Democrats Call for Amnesty, Reduced Sentences Likely.
Demons are a ghoul's best friend.
Demons do it wherever they damned well please.
Demonstrating, once again, that subtle difference between creativity and complex stupidity. -- Dogbert
Denervate, v. tr. Medicine: 1. To deprive (an organ or body part) of a nerve supply, as by surgically removing or cutting a nerve or by blocking a nerve connection with drugs.
Denial is always the first symptom.
Dennis Quaid tries to pull off this fake Irish accent that sounds like he's just had a shot of Novocain. Half way through the film the accent has disappeared and there's "Everybody's All American" standing in the fjords with a sword in his hand waiting for the flying Barney. -- Mr. Cranky
Dennis Rodman is the Rohit of the NBA. -- Joe Kiniry
Denouement or electroshock therapy? You be the judge. -- Mr. Cranky
Dentist, n.: A prestidigitator who, after putting metal in one's mouth, pulls coins out of one's pockets. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Dentists do it in the chair.
Dentopedalogy is the science of opening your mouth and putting your foot in it. I've been practicing it for years. -- Prince Philip (Duke of Edinburgh)
Deny your maker. -- Alice in Chains
Department meeting in 3 minutes.
Department of Redundancy Department
Depend not on fortune, but on conduct.
Depend upon it, that lovers of freedom will be free. -- Edmund Burke (1774)
Depledge now, avoid the rush.
Depressive neurosis is nothing to laugh about.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Derrida was NOT postmodern, you fool. He's not even modern, because he's dead! Get your facts straight. -- James "Kibo" Parry
Describing the Internet as the Network of Networks is like calling the Space Shuttle, a thing that flies. -- John Lester
Deserve's got nothing to do with it. -- Unforgiven
Desi was odd, and Gloria wasn't altogether sure that she liked her. Or maybe she liked her a lot. Both were reasons to back away. She decided to go and ask Doris about the nature of affection, but Doris had been put to work on a papier-mache heathen temple and didn't have time to be metaphysical.... -- Jeanette Winterson (Boating for Beginners)
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
Despite all my rage, I am still just a rat in a cage. -- Smashing Pumpkins
Despite decades of market research, markets proliferate and there's no cure in sight.
Despite popular belief, clip art ce n'est un faux pas, much like using trite French expressions to hide that you don't know what you're talking about. -- Brady Clark
Despite their total disagreement about the existence of God they are quick to start boinking because they're two good-looking people in a movie and that's the law. -- Mr. Cranky
Despite what Rohit says, we are not world-famous highly experienced thought leaders, so we can't expect the big bucks right away. However, we should be soon, so you can think about where you'd like to establish a price point, and try to grow up to it. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Despite what you might think, we don't just sit around mooning the hall monitor all day. Lots of people assume that a day at Bungie is a never-ending cavalcade of net games and bare buttocks, but there's a great deal of real work involved as well. There's a price to pay for all this glamour. -- webmaster@bungie.com
DESQview: Better windows
DESQview: Faster than a Cray (running Windows)
Dessert? I'll take a piece of cherry c.
Destiny always tries to assert what is meant to be.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved. -- William Jennings Bryan
Destiny, n.: The uncontrollable urge to control ones self. -- Marc Pond
Destiny's powerful hand has made the bed of my future and it's up to me to lie in it. I am destined to be a superhero, to right wrongs and pound two-fisted justice into the hearts of evil-doers everywhere. You don't fight destiny, no sir! And you don't eat crackers in the bed of your future or you get all... scratchy. -- The Tick
destroy destroy. stand up. walk around -- Paul Mazaitis
Detach the saucer, Data. Don't spill the tea
Details 20 minutes from now on Action Central News, kids.
Determine a perversion so bizarre or obscure that it doesn't yet have its own alt.sex group.
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. -- Abraham Lincoln
Determine what you want, then resolve to pay the price to get it. -- Bunker Hunt
Detroit? Oh, please. Detroit has no chance here. None. This is Detroit's all-time record in Washington: 0-19. The Lions have never won here. The Lions couldn't beat the Christians here. -- Tony Kornheiser
Develop aversion in PVM. -- Dan Meiron
Device, n.: Medieval torture instrument such as the thumbscrew or iron maiden.
DEVICE=EXXON.SYS may mess up your environment.
DEVICEHIGH: Your device driver on drugs.
Devils can be driven out of the heart by the touch of hand on hand, or mouth on mouth. -- Tennessee Williams
DeVries' Dilemma: If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want hits the paper.
DEVRIES' DILEMMA: If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want will hit the paper.
DeVries's Dilemma: If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want hits the paper.
Dew is formed on leaves when the sun shines down on them and makes them perspire.
Diagnostics can best be understood in the context of the source code.
Diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
Dialectic, n.: 1. The art or practice of arriving at the truth by the exchange of logical arguments. 2. a. The process especially associated with Hegel of arriving at the truth by stating a thesis, developing a contradictory antithesis, and combining and resolving them into a coherent synthesis. b. Hegel's critical method for the investigation of this process.
Diamonds are chunks of coal that stuck to their job. -- Mary Jess
Diamonds may be hard to steal, but they're easy to hide.
Diarrhea is hereditary. It runs in your jeans.
Dibs on killing the first person to post, "I eased my high-capacity disk drive into her warm velvet love pocket, after first lubricating it with rich, creamery butter." -- Jim Zelenka
Dibs! I got dibs! I said it first! -- MST3K
Dictator, n.: A potato with a penis.
Did any of them offer suggestions how to rewrite the sentences without semicolons or did they just sit there counting semicolons like apes picking lice off each other?? -- Richard Goodman
Did any of you other married guys out there ever wonder whether it's better to have loved and lost, than to have loved and won?
Did anyone ever tell you you have the most remarkable selective memory? -- John Dobbin
Did anyone see my lost carrier?
Did Elvis wear Levis?
Did Governor Clinton use a rubber? -- Stuttering John to Gennifer Flowers
Did he dazzle you with his extensive knowledge of mineral water? -- Reality Bites
Did I already mention the best aspect of mentoring someone? You get to mold them into the girlfriend you want them to be. -- Richard Goodman
Did I ever tell you about my Reebok story? I ain't getting no love from Nike. -- Jerry Maguire
Did I ever tell you my ice weasels story? -- Megan Coughlin
Did I have anything on? Oh yes, I had the radio on. -- Marilyn Monroe
Did I include a Smokin' Rhythm Prawns song or two on that tape? You really ought to have "Scattering My Foes Before Me in a Bloody Frenzy (Opus 13)" on tape. -- Megan Coughlin
Did I mention that it's good experience? I'm experiencing being screwed. -- Bruce Sherrod
Did I really read something about a promiscuous protocol (accepting all connections) or did I dream this? -- John Dobbin
Did Jesus wear Cross Trainers?
Did Qmodem originate in the Q continuum?
Did Sydney look hot in that gag or what? -- John Dobbin
Did Tarzan love Cheetah or Jane? Pictures at 11...
Did Washington flash a quarter when asked for ID?
Did Washington just flash a quarter for his ID? -- Steven Wright
Did we ever... -- When Harry Met Sally
Did you bring me a monkey? -- Multiplicity
Did you ever hear of a self-made failure?
Did you ever notice that "love" spelled backwards is "evil"? Well, not exactly, but it's still pretty scary. -- Ben Bass
Did you ever notice that "two plus eleven" and "one plus twelve" not only give the same result but use the same letters? -- DrPhil
Did you ever notice that in any loud political discussion, the one who always has the perfect answer has never registered to vote?
Did you ever notice that we talk about certain things only when they are absent?
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window. -- Steve Bluestone
Did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives. -- Sue Murphy
Did you ever wonder if the person in the puddle is real, and you're just a reflection of him? -- Calvin
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Did you forget about me, Mr. Duplicity? I hate to bug you in the middle of dinner... -- Alanis Morissette
Did you have a brain tumor for breakfast? -- Heathers
Did you hear about Rob? He drank a whole case of Yoo Hoo in the dark and said "I summon thee with pony and helicopter. With pipe organ and Graham Greene memoirs. I summon thee." His office-mate heard him screaming from down the hall, and when he got into their office Rob was gibbering incoherently and all of his hair was white and he was hiding under his desk hugging his stomach and rocking obsessively. So his office-mate said "Damn it, Rob, I've had it up to here with the gibbering and the rocking and the screaming. Every day it's the same god-damned thing. By the way...nice hair." -- Greg Plesur
Did you hear about the Arab baker who every morning at 6:00 would bow to the yeast?
Did you hear about the call-girl who made two appointments for the same time? She was able to squeeze them both in.
Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and his left leg? He's all-right now!
Did you hear about the merger of Xerox and Wurlitzer? The new company will make reproductive organs.
Did you hear about the new deli that opened in India?
Did you hear about the new Seattle brand of beer created in honor of Kurt Cobain? It's bitter and has no head.
Did you hear about the scientist whose wife had twins? He baptized one and kept the other as a control.
Did you hear about the two peanuts walking down the road when one of them was assaulted?
Did you kill anyone? Two cops. No real people? No, just cops. -- Resevoir Dogs
Did you know ... That no-one ever reads these things?
Did you know a man with one eye can see more then a man with two eyes? If the man with one eye looks at a man with two eyes, he can see two eyes. But if the man with two eyes looks back, he can only see one.
Did you know I'm a serial killer and it's getting close to a full moon? -- Richard Goodman
Did you know Moon Pies have been around for 75 years? I'm really starting to get into these. -- John Dobbin
Did you know my neighbor has three pet rabbits? -- Jerry Maguire
Did you know that 'gullible' can be used as a verb?
Did you know that blonde as in person only dates to 1822? -- Rohit Khare
Did you know that clones never use mirrors? -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Did you know that Erwin Rommel earned the nickname "Desert Fox" after numerous officers saw him prancing naked across the African desert after dark with a dead chicken in his mouth? Don't believe that "brilliant tactician" horse puckey for a second. -- webmaster@bungie.com
Did you know that no-one ever reads these things?
Did you know that the Civil War was fought on AMERICAN soil? -- Tabitha Soren
Did you know the human head weighs eight pounds? -- Jerry Maguire
Did you know. That no-one ever reads these things?
Did you lose your mind all at once, or was it a gradual process? -- The Fisher King
Did you notice that families on TV shows never watch television?
Did you pay the gravity bill this month? -- Threesome
Did you tell her that you would love to have an affair, but can't see yourself (or should that be "you'reself") with a woman with such a pathetic grasp of apostrophes? -- Megan Coughlin
Did your parents have any children that lived?
Didactic, adj.: 1. Intended to instruct. 2. Morally instructive. 3. Inclined to teach or moralize excessively.
Diddly squat, bits, vision, and entertainment value. -- Robert Harley
Didja ever notice that everyone in favor of abortion has already been born?
Didn't I ask you to stop playing "Wild Kingdom" in the house? -- Scott Adams
Didn't I know how it would go? If I knew from the start, why am I falling apart? -- Chess
Didn't pay for sex. Paid for excellent ideas on foreign policy. -- David Letterman
Didn't we arrive in a limo? -- Jerry Maguire
Didn't you call the cable company and tell them to stop playing this crap? -- Butt-head
Die young, die fast, die hard... Live a long time and you get old. -- Steve "Anton Max" Bajzek
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly. -- Elbert Hubbard
Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him. -- John Barrymore (dying words)
Dieckhoff's Law: It doesn't matter how good an eggs looks. If it smells, there's something wrong.
Diet Caffeine Free Mountain Dew - I don't like sex, I just like wearing a condom. -- Jon Ferro
Diet Coke is changing its slogan from 'Just for the Taste of It' to 'You Are What You Drink.' What does that mean? You are a hodgepodge of chemicals not normally found in nature?
Diet is die to a T.
DIET: meat, cigarettes, meat, booze, meat, and coffee. In case of aneurysm or alcohol-induced coma, see HEALTH. -- Denis Leary
Diets are for those who are thick and tired of it.
Difference between a dog and working like one: a dog only sniffs assholes; I have to kiss them.
Difference between a virus &amp; windows? Viruses never fail.
Difference is all the mind's input devices can detect, and difference is in a sense all the mind is there to consider and respond to. -- Gregory Bateson
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
Differentials are the ghosts of departed quantities. -- Alfred North Whitehead
Difficult, do you call it, sir? I wish it were impossible. -- Samuel Johnson to a violinist
Difficulty! It's the single simplest machine in the entire Universe! -- THHGTTG
Diffusing computation. Check your spelling dude, the word is CONfusing. -- John Dobbin
Dig him up and shake his hand, appreciate the man. -- They Might Be Giants
Dig yourself a hole and bury it. -- David Farber
Digging your own grave is fun, making your own coffin is morbid. -- John Dobbin
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
Digital information lasts forever... or five years, whichever comes first. -- Jeff Rotherberg
Digital technology is the universal solvent of intellectual property rights. -- Tom Parmenter
Dignity is like a top hat. Neither is very much use when you are standing on it. -- Chistopher Hollis
Diligent U.S. censors have managed to find sexually-explicit pictures on computers in Finland, France and elsewhere, and have been offended by them for hours. -- Jim Warren
Dime, n.: A dollar with all the taxes taken out.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term. Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
DINER'S DILEMMA: A clean tie attracts the soup of the day.
Dingle's Law: When somebody drops something, everybody will kick it around instead of picking it up.
Dining philosophers. Buy more damn utensils. Why doesn't anybody ever think of this? -- John Dobbin
Dinner music at a festive banquet for great men is the most tasteless absurdity that debauchery could have devised. -- Kant
Dinner not ready: (A)bort (R)etry (P)izza?
Dinner Special: Turkey $2.35; Chicken or Beef $2.25; Children $2.00.
Dinner will be served at the sound of the smoke alarm.
Dinner? Anyone? I promise not to talk about [gradschool|work|mani|ExtraValueMeals]... -- Rohit Khare
Dinosaurs destroys man. Women rule the earth... -- Jurassic Park
Diode, n.: What happens to people who don't die young.
Dip me in honey and throw me to the lesbians!
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock. -- Wynn Catlin
Diplomacy, n.: The art of letting someone else have your way.
Diplomacy, n.: The patriotic art of lying for one's country. -- Ambrose Bierce
Diplomacy: After telling someone to go to hell, convincing them that they will enjoy the ride.
Diplomacy: The art of saying nice doggie until you can find a rock.
Diplomatic immunity is like virginity. Either you have it, or you don't. -- unknown French diplomat
Dire Straits is a great band. Someone tells you they like "Brothers in Arms" and immediately you know they're a stupid annoying git. -- Alexei Sayle
Direct action produces direct reaction.
Direct from the Ministry of Silly Walks.
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements (The Little Mermaid, Aladdin) could have gone for a decorous retelling of Greek mythology, but a funny thing happened on the decorum. They decided to give the musical form what it has sorely lacked recently: pinwheeling, knockabout fun. -- Time (6/23/97)
Dirty jeans, dirty socks, dirty shoes... but a clean face, an eyebrows which resemble Egyptian insects slurping on purple popsicles.
Dirty tags and they're done dirt cheap.
Disassembler, n.: One who takes things apart.
Disc space -- the final frontier!
Discipline is remembering what you want. -- David Campbell
Disclaimer: All opinions are not really opinions.
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors.
Disclaimer: Any opinions expressed above are entirely mine, and if anyone else takes credit for them they'll be in big trouble.
Disclaimer: Any opinions expressed are totally ludicrous, and should be simply ignored.
Disclaimer: Any similarities between what I say and what I mean are purely coincidental.
DISCLAIMER: Even my wife doesn't agree with everything I say, and she loves me dearly. My employers don't love me nearly as much as she does. Draw your own conclusions.
Disclaimer: I am neither a ventriloquist nor a dummy.
Disclaimer: I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, you can't prove anything.
Disclaimer: I mindlessly parrot Caltech policy...
Disclaimer: I said WHAT?
Disclaimer: I speak for myself, I think for myself, I work for myself ... but I don't want to play by myself ... so bring your toys and lets share.
Disclaimer: It's just my Tourette's Syndrome acting up again.
Disclaimer: My fingers are epileptic.
Disclaimer: Nope, never saw her before in my life.
Disclaimer: Okay, I don't claim her.
Disclaimer: They don't know what I say. I don't care what they think, and we are all happy that way.
Disclaimer: This greeting is subject to clarification or withdrawal. It implies no promise by the wisher to actually implement any of the wishes for her/himself or others and no responsibility for any unintended emotional stress these greetings may bring to those not caught up in the holiday spirit. -- Bruce Sherrod
Disclaimer: Written by a highly caffeinated mammal.
Disclaimer: You must be kidding! No company would hold opinions like mine!
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Disco is the brown spot on the apple of music.
Disco is to music what etch-a-sketch is to art.
Disconfect, sniglet: To sterilize the piece of candy you dropped on the floor by blowing on it, somehow assuming this will 'remove' all the germs.
Discontent is the penalty we pay for being race horses instead of cows.
Discoveries are made by not following instructions.
Discovering an incompetent co-worker in your group is like finding a gold nugget in your flower garden. It's free money without the burden of extra work. -- Scott Adams
Discovery consists in seeing what everyone else has seen and thinking what no one else has thought. -- Albert Szent-Gyorgi
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought. -- Albert Szent-Gyorgi
Discretion - putting two and two together and keeping your mouth shut.
Discretion in speech is more than eloquence. -- Francis Bacon
Discretion is the better part of valour, but stupidity goes everywhere.
Disease and deprivation stalk our land like two giant stalking things. -- Blackadder III
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
Disguise your feelings when you put your relatives on the plane for home.
Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
Disimoni's Rule of Cognition: Believing is seeing.
Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.
Disk crisis, please clean up.
Disk crunch - please clean up.
Disk Drive - machine part designed to collect dust, cigarette ash, etc.
Disk Head - that part of a machine designed to be worn down by dust.
Disks travel in packs.
Disney can relax. The Baptists are also against drinking, smoking, and dancing, and it hasn't hurt those industries.
Disney is presenting the bourgeoisie as a superior alternative to the proletariat despite the fact that the bourgeoisie exploits the proletariat by creating surplus value from the product of the proletariat's labor. As a symbol of revolution, Oliver is pacified in the face of luxury and wealth, thereby quashing the inevitable revolution and preventing natural human progress. -- Mr. Cranky
Disneyland is going to be a place where you can't get lost or tired unless you want to. -- Walt Disney (1953)
Disposable income is very cool and that's the reason we're in grad school. -- The Grad School Rap
Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics, Benchmarks, and Delivery dates. -- Fortune
Dissatisfaction is a powerful incentive to get things done, especially when it is tied to some goal.
Dissection of the bird doth not reveal the mystery of its flight. But you do get a gander at its last meal. -- Doug Johnson
Distance and loneliness, of course. Neither of which is desirable in its unadulterated state. They need to be cut with baking soda. -- Adam Rifkin
Distance lends enhancement to the view. -- Thomas Campbell
Distance swimmers keep it up longer.
Distinctive, adj.: A different color or shape than our competitors.
Distress, n.: A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend. -- Ambrose Bierce
Distributed computing is where someone tripping over a cable in another building can ruin your day. -- D. Gifford
Distributed file systems are a cruel hoax. -- Zalman Stern (former ITC hacker diety)
Distributed operating systems have many aspects in common with centralized ones, but also differ in certain ways. -- Tanenbaum and van Renesse (Computing Surveys v17n4)
Divers do it better under pressure.
Divers do it deeper.
Divide and conquer, then let the UN clean up the mess.
Divine retribution, that's what! -- Calvin
Diving gear? Fetish wear? What's the difference? -- Chris Hanson
Divisive dependencies, distributed deadlocks, and partisan protocols have tightened gridlocks, aggravated race conditions, and promulgated double standards. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Divorce Court, n.: A hall of blame.
Divorce is the past tense of marriage.
Divorce is the price people pay for playing with matches.
Divorce is the result of his losing his capital, and her losing her interest.
Divorce results when a husband decides he's too good to be true.
Djinni just wish they could do it.
DM's do it any way they feel like it.
DM's do it behind a screen.
DM's do it to YOU real good.
DM's do it whether you like it or not.
DM's do it with dice.
DM's have better encounters.
DNA, n.: The splice of life.
Do a little dance. Make a little love. Get down tonight. -- from the KC and the Sunshine band song used in the Ants March a Bud Bottle Back to the Hill commercial
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Ask Data.
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? -- Philip K. Dick
Do as I say, not as I do, because the shit's so deep, you can't run away. -- Green Day
Do be a do-bee -- Miss Sally
Do be do be do -- Frank Sinatra
Do bears bear-eth, do bees bee-eth? -- David Addison
Do blind Eskimos have seeing-eye sled dogs?
Do cemetery workers prefer the graveyard shift?
Do computers kick the bit bucket?
Do either of you guys have 15 cents? -- Robert Harley
Do eskimos keep their money in snowbanks?
Do hungry crows have ravenous appetites?
Do I dare to eat a peach? -- T.S. Eliot (Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock)
Do I detect the signs of an emotionally unstable female? -- Bruce Sherrod
Do I have change for a twenty? Around here, twenty bucks IS change. -- Ross Perot
Do I have to buy the river too?
Do I know you from somewhere? Why do you leave me wanting more? Why do all the things I say sound like the stupid things I said before? -- Madonna
Do I need four shaves and four haircuts to get a byte?
Do I smoke after sex? I never looked.
Do I stress you out? My sweater's on backwards, and inside out, and you say how appropriate. -- Alanis Morissette
Do I win? What do I get? Another of those damn "See Rifkin in June" prizes? -- John Dobbin
Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?
Do it now or I'll fly back to England and give your wife something to hang her towels on. -- Blackadder IV
Do it now There might be a law against it tomorrow.
Do it today, tomorrow it will be illegal.
Do married women make the best wives?
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do no wrong, so clean cut, dirty his hands it comes right off. -- Pearl Jam
Do not adjust your mind. It is reality that is malfunctioning.
Do not adjust your set. WE are in control.
Do Not Attempt to Traverse a Chasm in Two Leaps...
Do not bait Happy Fun Boy. -- Dan Martinez
Do not be angry with me if I tell you the truth. -- Socrates.
Do not be arrogant because of your knowledge, but confer with the ignorant man as with the learned. -- Ptahhotpe
Do not be deceived by the whiteness of the turban. Soap is bought on credit.
Do not be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Do not be overly suspicious where it is not warranted.
Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much life so. Aim above morality. Be not simply good; be good for something. -- Henry David Thoreau
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Do not believe in miracles - rely on them. -- Finagle (Sixth Rule)
Do not believe in miracles. Rely on them.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched. -- Aesop
DO NOT CUT ALONG THE LINE
Do not disturb. Already disturbed.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M. It will keep you awake until noon.
Do not drink coffee in the morning or it will keep you awake until noon.
Do not dwell in the past. Do not dream of the future. Concentrate the mind on the present moment. -- Buddha
DO NOT EAT THE BROWN VIAGRA! THE BROWN VIAGRA IS BAD, MAN! -- Top 5
Do not expose this tagline to direct sunlight.
Do not fumble with a woman's logic.
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage, against the dying of the light. -- Dylan Thomas (Welsh poet (1914-53), "Do Not Go Gentle into that Good Night")
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Do not kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Do not learn the tricks of the trade--learn the trade.
Do not lend money to a fiend.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -- John Wooden
Do not marry a person that you know that you can live with; only marry someone that you cannot live without.
Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will urinate on your computer.
Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons, for you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup. -- Fred Baker
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
Do not meddle in the affairs of Unix, for it is subtle and quick to core dump. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Do not meddle in the affairs of Win32, for it is subtle, and quick to anger. -- Dan Martinez
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle, and quick to anger.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do not mistake kindness for weakness.
Do not needlessly endanger your lives until I give you the signal. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Do not put statements in the negative form.
Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model. -- Vincent van Gogh
Do not read this fortune under penalty of law. (Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a))
Do not read this fortune under penalty of law. Violators will be prosecuted. (Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))
Do not read this line under penalty of law. (Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a))
Do not regret growing older. It is a privilege denied to many.
Do not remove this line under penalty of the law.
DO NOT REMOVE THIS TAG (UNDER PENALTY OF LAW)
Do not search the basement, especially if the power has just gone out. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
Do not shoot a glass arrow into a painted deer.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive. -- Elbert Hubbard
Do not take pride in someone praising your beauty when you are 16. Take pride in someone praising your beauty at 60.
Do not take the entire world upon your shoulders. Do a certain amount of skylarking, as befits people your age. Skylarking, incidentally, used to be a minor offense under Naval Regulations. What a charming crime. It means intolerable lack of seriousness. I would love to have had a dishonorable discharge from the United States Navy - for skylarking not just once, but again and again and again. -- Kurt Vonnegut
Do not taunt depressed, annoyed, and unencumbered by fears of retribution in the afterlife, Happy Fun Mark. -- Mark Denovich
Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball. -- Jack Handey
Do not tell big lies. Small ones can be just as effective.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not urinate in the direction of the sun. -- Pythagoras
Do not worry about your future. -- Jerry Maguire
DO NOT, repeat, DO NOT blow the hatch
Do or do not. There is no try. -- Yoda (The Empire Strikes Back)
Do people in wheelchairs complain if you leave the seat up?
Do prostitutes fill out tax returns? Yes, the EZ form.
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as 4's?
Do sheep know when you are pulling the wool over their eyes?
Do something unusual today. Accomplish something on your computer.
Do something unusual today. Accomplish work on the computer.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
Do steam rollers really roll steam?
Do televangelists do more than lay people?
Do the joke. Get the laugh. Move on.
Do the things which you will be proud to remember when you are old.
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicap people at the Special Olympics?
Do they make virtual train sets? That would probably be ideal for me. I'm quite sure this is just a passing phase, and I really don't need some passing phase taking up space in my apartment. -- John Dobbin
Do unto others before they do unto you.
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do unto others JUST BEFORE they do unto you
Do we define evil as the absence of goodness? It seems only logical that shit happens--we discover this by the process of elimination. -- Larry Wall
Do we have parallels in the bug world? -- John Dobbin
Do what comes naturally now. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Do what makes you happy, Adam. I used to think I'd need a PhD for that, but I don't think so anymore. Life is about faith [in God], family and friends. -- John Klassa
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Do what you love, love what you do. -- Allen Newell
Do you eat, sleep, do you breathe me any more? -- Lisa Loeb
Do you ever have that feeling of Deja Vu?
Do you ever wake up in the middle of the night and just think to yourself, I'm just full of hot gas? -- David Letterman to Rush Limbaugh
Do you ever want to get down on your knees and thank God you have access to me and my dementia? -- Seinfeld
Do you feel Lucky, punk???
Do you find me pleasing? Do I please you? -- Star Trek
Do you follow adlinks? We follow their logic, and, as of today, their money. -- Suck
Do you go to the movies, find a friend in a film, holding hands with the heroes, fall in love with the heroine?
Do you have a job?
Do you have a license to sell hot dogs?!! -- P.W. Herman
Do you have any Bloody Mary mix? No wait, here's what I want: regular tomato juice, filled up about three-quarters, then add a splash of Bloody Mary mix - just a splash, and a little piece of lime, but on the side. -- When Harry Met Sally
Do you have any idea what my father went through to get that watch to me? -- Pulp Fiction
Do you have lysdexia?
Do you have the time to listen to me whine about nothing and everything all at once? -- Green Day
Do you have to be a god-damned tenured professor to get teflon rounds at this place? -- Olin Shivers
Do you have to open graves to find girls to fall in love with? -- White Zombie
Do you hear the people sing? Say, do you hear the distant drums? It is the future that they bring when tomorrow comes! -- Les Miserables
Do you just regurgitate whatever colorful bauble flits across your blinders? -- Rohit Khare
Do you know about the Eleventh Commandment? It says, "Thou shalt not bore God, or he will destroy your universe." -- John Lilly
Do you know any Klingon opera? -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Do you know how many of those pills it takes to prevent a super baby? -- Lois Lane
Do you know JESUS? If so, tell him he owes me $2.
Do you know me? I carry this (straight jacket)... don't leave the home.
Do you know Montana?
Do you know what a platonic friend is to a woman? It's like a dick in a glass case. 'In case of emergency, break glass' -- Chris Rock
Do you know what crapweasel means? -- Friends
Do you know what floccinaucinihilipilification means?
Do you know what I do when I have a bee in my bonnet? I take my hat off. -- Newsradio
Do you know what it's like to have no feeling in your legs? -- Forrest Gump
Do you know where *your* towel is?
Do you know why it's called sex? Because it's easier to spell than Uhhhhh..oooohh...Ahhhhhh....AIIEEEEEEE!!!
Do you know why the Lord withheld the sense of humor from women? So that we may love you instead of laugh at you. -- Mrs. Patrick Campbell
Do you like apples? "Sure." Well, I got her number. How do you like *DEM* apples? -- Good Will Hunting
Do you like good music? That sweet Soul Music. -- Atlantic Records
Do you like Minnesota for its extensive collection of snow? -- Adam Rifkin
Do you live online? -- gwachob@ocf.berkeley.edu to Adam Rifkin
Do you love life? Then do not squander time; for that's the stuff life is made of. -- Ben Franklin
Do you mind if I change one wee aspect? The words. -- Blackadder III
Do you mind if I take a look at your armpits? I think armpits are the prettiest part of a woman's body. -- Flirting with Disaster
Do you need me for anything, or shall I just sit here and rust? -- Marvin (the paranoid android)
Do you now where the power lays, well it starts and ends with you. -- Rancid
Do you pine for the nice days of Minix-1.1, when men were men and wrote their own device drivers? -- Linus Torvalds
Do you realise what a responsibility I carry? I'm the only one between Nixon and the White House. -- John F. Kennedy
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Do you realize it's snowing in my room? -- Weird Science
Do you realize there are only 5 degrees of separation (in web space) between the Macarena lyrics and this xml/html paper? -- Dan Connolly
Do you really think we could share even one aspect of our complex, millenia-old culture in a simple aphorism?
Do you smoke? No. Do you drink? No. Do you chase women? No. Then why do you want to live till you're 100?
Do you study the law, or do you study the loopholes?
Do you suffer for your ART? Then try Andre Breton's "PAIN BE GONE" -- Jarett Kobek
Do you think Dr. Kevorkian's malpractice insurance covers him if patients don't die?
Do you think I could buy back my introduction to you? -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Do you think it's a coincidence that insurance companies ask people if they do the sorts of stuff we do? -- Mike Mengason
Do you think that illiterates get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Do you think that's what teachers mean when they ask you to do research? "Okay, I'll ask someone smarter than me...that's research! I have to find the smart person, after all..." -- Megan Coughlin
Do you think the field Icthyology was named by someone who hated fish?
Do you think your kitty tranquilizers will stop me? ...Feeling sleepy. -- Pandora
Do you want fries with that? -- McDonald's slogan
Do you want to go faster? (Yeah!) Raise your hands if you want to go faster! (Yeah!) -- MST3K
Do you want to see something swell? (Pick up line)
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Doc, note, I dissent. A fast never prevents a fatness. I diet on cod.
Doc, we have to talk. Every day you feed me over a hundred pounds of macaroni and cheese... at first, I thought you were just being a good host. But lately I've been thinking it could be something far more sinister. -- Ratbert
Doctor Henry Breault, credited with inventing child proof bottle caps, died last week. Dozens of friends and relatives attended what was supposed to be an open casket funeral. -- rec.humor.funny
Doctor, don't cut so deep! That's the third operating table you've ruined this month...
Doctor, my brain hurts!
Doctors have many enemies on earth and still more in heaven.
Doctors say that hay fever can be positive or negative. Sometimes the eyes have it, sometimes the nose.
Doctors spank babies to knock the peni off the smart ones.
Doctors will tell you that if you eat slowly, you will eat less. Any person raised in a large family will tell you the same thing.
Documentation and attachment to slides and WWW is not complete. -- Mani Chandy
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing. -- Dick Brandon
Documentation is like sex: When it's good, it's fantastic, when it's bad...
Documentation is the castor oil of programming ...
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming.
Does "Religiously Impaired" refer to atheists or fundamentalists?
Does a dog have Buddha-nature, or not? MU. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Does a French athlete wear a jacques strap?
Does an analyst have to be anal? -- Adam Rifkin
Does anybody actually own a white Taurus, or are they all rentals? -- Flirting with Disaster
Does anybody have a ; Reminder key?
Does anybody really like black licorice?
Does anyone else ever get the distinct impression that some day a group of people in suits are going to walk into your office or your home and say, 'We've got you now! You had everyone *thinking* you were a grown up, but you're not. Now get your things. Your mother's got supper on the table and you have to be in bed by 7:30.' Or is it just me? -- Cynthia Melcher
Does anyone have change for a paradigm?
Does bouncing count?
does cindy crawford come out of a bathroom holding a copy of the camel book in one hand and a large sausage in the other? yeah, i have that dream too. -- Andrew Stellman
Does Elvis talk to you? Does he tell you things? Do you see spots? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Does everything you say have to be open to complete disdain? -- Rohit Khare
Does history record any case where a majority was right?
Does it make you kind of mad that you have to reason with me while I'm wearing this enormous balloon hat? -- Zug
Does it seem reasonable that you (yes, you!) can bring what may be the Future Operating System of the World to its knees in 21 keystrokes? -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Does it seem weird to anyone else that church had to be cancelled today due to an act of God? Maybe He just wanted a day off or something. -- Sam Kass
Does Jim Carrey need 40 mil? The world is mucked. We've turned into a trickle up system. -- John Dobbin
Does lack of geographic proximity cause groups to defamilialize? -- John Dobbin
Does love ever end when two hearts have torn away? Or does it go on and beat strong anyway? -- The Breeders (Do You Love Me Now?)
Does nudity bother you? If so, should I put my clothes back on? -- Top 5
Does pheromone diffusion count as multicast? -- Robert Harley
Does she know how you told me you'd hold me until you died, 'til you died, but you're still alive? -- Alanis Morissette
Does that mean I might be able to buy the Lincoln Memorial really cheap at a DC yard sale? -- Richard Goodman
Does the almighty power really care two about a mortal finite soul? I have trouble believing that such a power can even understand a mortal being such as ourselves. It's blowing up a balloon in a two dimensional world. -- Tim Byars
Does the E's Computer have enough RAM to run Windows?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Does the right to bear arms include the right to bare breasts? -- Howard Stern
Does the word DUH mean anything to you? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Does this bug you? I'm not touching you. -- MST3K
Does this girl have a mute button? -- Friends
does this mean we get to nuke pittsburgh from orbit? pretty, pretty, please? unhinged pgh: you now have 30 minutes to reach minimum safe distance before MIRV seperation. -- Ethan Schartman
Does this mean we have to start fighting? -- Selina Kyle to Bruce Wayne
Does this moment HAVE to be memorexed? -- Reality Bites
Does Windows 3.1 come with a Hard Drive?
Does your computer talk to you?
Doesn't it seem loopy that you can make amends but not just one amend?
dog + chocolate powder + carpet = bad -- Scott Berkun
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children.
DOGHOUSE: a Mutt hut
Dogmacademia! -- Robert Harley
Dogmatism is puppism come to its full growth. -- Douglas Jerrold
Dogs are so useful I'm surprised they aren't sold in vending machines.
Dogs come when called. Cats take a message and get back to you.
Dogs come when you call. Cats have answering machines.
Dogs crawl under Gates, software under Windows.
DOH 1: I believe that that correct spelling is "Dohh!" Read it in SPY mag.
DOH 2: Ahem. It's "D'Oh!" as spelled in Simpsons Illustrated, to which I subscribe.
Doh! A deer. A female deer. -- The Simpsons
Doh! Wile-E-Coyote... sooper stupid... -- Sean Simmons
Doing gets it done.
Doing my part to preserve order in the universe
Dole (to Bush): Stop lying about my record. Bush (to Dole): Stop telling the truth about mine.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don Ho will not emerge from the Valley of Darkness. -- LL Cool J
Don's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions
Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side. -- Yiddish proverb
Don't ask me 'When is our IPO?' My office overlooks the parking lot, and when I see the BMWs of investment bankers fighting for spaces, I'll know it's time. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
Don't ask me no questions, and I won't tell you no lies. -- Lynyrd Skynyrd
Don't ask me to justify my life. -- Bad Religion
Don't ask me, I have intermittent memory loss.
Don't ask me, I only work here.
Don't ask me, I'm just a girl. -- Malibu Stacy (the Simpsons)
Don't ask me, I'm making this up as I go!
Don't ask me. I can't even prove what I ate for breakfast this morning. -- Willis Carto (This Farce Called History)
Don't ask me; I was hired for my looks.
Don't ask what you can do for your country, ask what your country can do for you. -- Megadeth
Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead to psychological problems. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Don't bate me because I'm hateful. -- Peter Drake
Don't be a schmuck... BE A SCHMUCK
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps. -- David Lloyd George
Don't be frightened. There's a Net here to catch you. -- Adam Rifkin
Don't be humble. You're not that great. -- Golda Meir
Don't be irreplaceable. If you can't be replaced you can't be promoted.
Don't be irreplaceable. If you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
Don't be misled when the newsman said, "James Brown is dead." -- LA Style
Don't be misled. Behind that cold, austere, severe exterior, there beats a heart of stone. -- Sir Rudolph Bing
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't be redundant; don't use more words than necessary; it's highly superfluous.
Don't be so certain that she'll always be there just because she's always been. -- John Dobbin
Don't be so humble; you're not that great. -- Golda Meir
Don't be so open-minded your brains fall out.
Don't be the boy. Don't be the boy. Don't be the boy. D'oooh! -- Homer Simpson
Don't be too choosy or stingy about whom or how often you love. -- Helen Gurley Brown
Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant to the power of the force. -- Darth Vader
Don't believe anything you read and only half of what you see. -- Will Rogers
Don't believe everything that you breathe, you get a parking violation and a maggot on your sleeve. -- Beck
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't believe everything you see, half of what you hear, or anything you read.
Don't believe in miracles, expect them.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you, apparently it's okay for everyone else.
Don't bite the hand that stabs you in the back. -- David Farber
Don't bitemy finger -- look where it's pointing.
Don't blame me I was dancing Friday night
Don't break it if you can't fix it.
Don't burn your bridges while you're standing on them. -- Colin MacDonald
Don't buy furs, it takes trees to make protest signs.
Don't byte off more than you can multiplex.
Don't call a fraternity a frat. I mean, you wouldn't call your country a tree. -- Scott Potter
Don't call me 'white male'; I'm 'differently oppressed', OK? -- Andrew Bulhak
Don't call me stupid! -- Kevin Kline (A Fish Called Wanda)
Don't call us; our computer will call you.
Don't care if it hurts, I want to have control. I want a perfect body, I want a perfect soul. -- Radiohead
Don't change before the empire falls, you'll laugh so hard you'll crack the walls. -- Jefferson Airplane
Don't comment bad code -- rewrite it.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't complain about what you don't have -- just be happy you don't get what you deserve.
Don't confuse arrogance with chronic correctness. -- Steve Williams
Don't confuse busiwork with productivity.
Don't confuse me with facts, my mind's already made up!
Don't consider sarcasm the be all and end all of verbal intercourse. Far too many people place way too much importance on the sarcasm instead of the talking in and of itself as a precious shared experience between people. -- Adam Rifkin
Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!
Don't count your bridges before you burn them.
Don't criticize him for lack of inexperience. -- David Farber
Don't crush that dwarf, hand me the pliers.
Don't crush that dwarf; hand me the pliers.
Don't cry at the beginning of a date. Cry at the end like I do. -- Jerry Maguire
Don't despair -- your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Don't diddle code to make it faster -- find a better algorithm.
Don't diddle code to make it faster-- find a better algorithm.
Don't diet, download a virus to remove the FAT.
Don't discourage the other person's plan unless you have a better one.
Don't dispute death unless you've lived through it.
Don't do a vast thing in a half-vast way.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do standing up in a hammock. -- David Farber
Don't do anything stupid. Put the comma where you like. -- Get Smart
Don't do things half-assed. If a thing is worth doing at all, it's worth doing as well as you can possibly do it. Pick out something you think is worthwhile and do it or work at it with passion. Do it with all your might. -- Hugh Young
Don't do what I SAY, do what I MEAN!
Don't dream it. Be it. -- Frederick's of Hollywood
Don't drink and park, accidents cause people
Don't drink water; fish breed in it.
Don't drive and drive; smoke dope and fly!
Don't eat in a restaurant located next to a pound. -- Robin Williams
Don't eat that stuff; you're killing yourself! -- Cleo von Ludwig
Don't eat the green ones. They're not ripe yet. -- A Fish Called Wanda
Don't eat with your mouth full. -- David Farber
Don't eat yellow snow.
Don't edit reality for the sake of simplicity.
Don't even JOKE about how many feminists it takes to screw in a lightbulb.
Don't ever be the first, don't ever be the last and don't ever volunteer for anything.
Don't ever get your speedometer confused with your clock, like I did once, because the faster you go, the later you think you are. -- Jack Handey
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Don't ever speak more clearly than you think. -- Neils Bohr
Don't everyone thank me at once.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't feel bad, wolfie. I was wrestlin' wolves while you were at yer mother's teat! -- Groundkeeper Willy (The Simpsons)
Don't feel insecure or inferior! You're ORGANIC! You'd win an argument with most rocks!
Don't fight it son, confess quickly. If you hold out too long, you could jeopardize your credit rating. -- Brazil
Don't fool with recombinant DNA technology unless you're sure you know what you are doing. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't fuck your head for your dick. -- Eric Meyhofer
Don't gamble with security.
Don't get even, get jewelry.
Don't get even. Get odd!
Don't get fopped up in that dirty, druggy rock n roll culture. It's not good for you. -- Johnny Rotten
Don't get gunk on me. I took a bath last Saturday and I'm all clean. -- Calvin
Don't get mad, get even. - Robert F. Kennedy
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house.
Don't get so stressed!! It's nothing but a bunch of 1s and 0s anyway.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code. -- Dave Storer
Don't get your honey where you get your money.
Don't get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
Don't give me that intelligence stuff, find me something I can blow up!
Don't give up, I'm proud of who you are.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -- Mark Twain
Don't go away mad. Just go away!
Don't go lookin' for snakes; you might find them. -- Metallica
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri, hippopotamuses -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
Don't go to the sea without purpose or porpoise. -- Lewis Carroll
Don't guess - check your security regulations.
Don't guess...unless you have to. The universe is uncertain enough as it is.
Don't hate him because he's beautiful. He uses Emacs, and so can you. -- Deanna Rubin
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart and rich. -- Calvin Keegan
Don't hate the media. Become the media! -- Jello Biafra
Don't hate yourself in the morning --- sleep till noon.
Don't have a cow, man. -- Bart Simpson
Don't have to prove anything. I just put it out there and retract it after the damage is done. Have you not been paying attention to the way the world works? -- John Dobbin
Don't hesitate to throw away superannuated features when you can do it without loss of effectiveness. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't I know you?
Don't insult the alligator until after you have crossed the river.
Don't insult the gator till you cross the river. -- Gladstone
Don't intentionally draw enemy fire. It irritates those around you.
Don't judge a sleeping man by the covers over his head...
Don't just do something !!! Stand there !!!
Don't just drink, drink-ercise! -- David Letterman
Don't just eat a hamburger, eat the HELL out of it!
Don't just stand there, scratch my back!
Don't just stand there... KNEEL!!!
Don't keep a negative attitude such as "I will not succeed." Keep a positive one like "I WILL fail."
Don't keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
Don't kill the whale.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't knock President Fillmore. He kept us out of Vietnam.
Don't laugh, I love you. -- Ween
Don't laugh. It's paid for. -- license plate frame on a Lexus
Don't laugh. Your daughter could be in this vehicle. -- Bumper sticker
Don't lead me into temptation. I can find it myself!
Don't learn the tricks of the trade - learn the trade.
Don't let a fool kiss you or a kiss fool you.
Don't let greed outweigh self-preservation. -- Phil Sawyer
Don't let McBurgers and Baywatch make you complacent. X was last year. -- Robert Harley
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't let school interfere with your education.
Don't let the statistical tail wag the conceptual dog.
Don't let the Sun go down on me. -- Elton John
Don't let us down. I don't want to be the only ass hole in heaven. -- Laughlin (The Running Man)
Don't let your mind wander. It's too little to be left out alone.
Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash. -- Bo Diddley
Don't lick me. -- Tracey Duncan
Don't listen to what I say. Listen to what I mean!
Don't look at me in that tone of voice!
Don't look at me! Don't you look at me! Mommy! MOMMY! -- Blue Velvet
Don't look back, always look ahead.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't look conspicuous, it draws fire.
Don't look for a gift in the horse's mouth. -- David Farber
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder
Don't look now, but your car was just towed!
Don't look, 3 o'clock. I said don't look. -- The Opposite Sex
Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.
Don't make a molehill out of a can of beans. -- David Farber
Don't make me make you hurt me. -- Keith Weber
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't mention love... I'd hate the pain of the strain all over again. -- Morrissey
Don't mess with anybody who can make a lot more trouble for you than you can make for them.
Don't mess with Murphy.
Don't mind me, I'm just picking my nits.
Don't never use a double negation.
Don't open your eyes, you won't like what you see; the blind have been blessed with security. Don't open your eyes, take it from me: I have found you can find happiness in slavery. -- Nine Inch Nails
Don't order a drink for the road, because the road is already laid out. -- Flip Wilson
Don't order the soup du jour. You never know what it's going to be from one day to the next. -- Hugh Mulligan
Don't overestimate the decency of the human race. -- H.L. Mencken
Don't Panic. Count to ten... then Panic.
Don't Panic. The Earth is just being demolished for a hyperspace bypass.
Don't panic.
Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs you have just kicked. -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
Don't patch bad code-- rewrite it.
Don't place faith in human things; human things are butterfly wings. -- Chainsaw Kittens
Don't play stupid with me! I'm better at it.
Don't press the keys so damned hard!
Don't pull off Superman's cape. Don't spit into the wind. -- Jim Croce
Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the front of your clothes -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy it today you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow. -- Mark Twain
Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
Don't put words in my mouth. Heck, don't put anything in my mouth. -- John Dobbin
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't read this. It doesn't say anything profound anyway.
Don't run faster than your shoes. -- Scottish saying
Don't rush a miracle man. You rush a miracle man, you get rotten miracles. -- Princess Bride
Don't rush me. I get paid by the hour.
Don't say yes until I finish talking. -- Darryl F. Zanuck
Don't settle for the lesser evil this November -- Cthulhu for President!
Don't shoot me, I'll move over.
Don't shoot the pianist.
Don't shoot. I don't want to be president!
Don't shrug you imbecile, I'm blind! Save the body language for the bimbae. -- Scent of a Woman
Don't sing for Pepsi, ain't singin' for Coke... don't sing for nobody, makes me look like a joke... THIS NOTE'S FOR YOU! -- Neil Young
Don't slap the hand that feeds you. -- Thanh Boyer
Don't sleep. You can do that when you're dead. Every waking hour is important. -- Adam Rifkin
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't speak now, and forever hold your peace.
Don't spend two dollars to dry clean a shirt. Donate it to the Salvation Army instead. They'll clean it and put it on a hanger. Next morning buy it back for seventy-five cents. -- Billiam Coronel
Don't spit in the soup. We all have to eat! -- Lyndon B. Johnson
Don't start comparing yourself to me. It'll only make you crazy.
Don't start vast projects with half-vast ideas.
Don't start with me. You know how I get.
Don't steal - the government hates competition...
Don't steal. The government hates competition.
Don't stop at one bug.
Don't stop the noise. -- Phoenix Suns
Don't support it if you don't support it. -- Adam Rifkin
Don't surround yourself with yourself.
Don't suspect a friend, report him. -- Brazil
Don't sweat it, it's only ones and zeros.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things. -- Fred Green
Don't sweat the petty things. Pet the sweaty things.
Don't take advice from fortune cookies.
Don't take life so seriously. It won't last.
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive.
Don't take life too seriously. They will soon repeat it on cable TV.
Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive.
Don't take notes, but if I make some pithy quote, try to get that down. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Don't take VICE too seriously; It throws in random bits. -- Dan Lovinger
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence.
Don't teach the blind until you have practiced living with closed eyes.
Don't teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
Don't tease me with all of your mind. -- They Might Be Giants
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done. -- James J. Ling
Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to get more wax!!
Don't tell me violence doesn't solve anything. Look at Carthage. -- Robert Heinlein
Don't tell me what you dream'd last night for I've been reading Freud.
Don't tell your friends your faults. They will correct the fault and never forgive you.
Don't thank me for insulting you. It was my pleasure...
don't they just have bboards around here instead of sending stupid mail i don't care about to everyone? -- Jon Slenk
Don't they make little baby straightjackets? If not, they should. (Hey, if the leashes are acceptable, straightjackets surely are. Don't tell me it's ok to treat your kids like animals and not mental patients.) -- John Dobbin
Don't think of him as a Republican, think of him as the man I love; and if that doesn't work, think of him as the man who can crush you. -- John F. Kennedy Jr. (On how cousin Maria Shriver introduced uncle Teddy Kennedy to hubby Arnold Schwarzenegger)
Don't think of it as a cigarette... think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand... -- Friends
Don't think of organ donations as giving up part of yourself to keep a total stranger alive. It's really a total stranger giving up almost all of themselves to keep part of you alive.
Don't Think SCHEME
Don't think that I'm silly for liking it, I just happen to like the simple little things, and I love cats! -- Michelle Gardner
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water. -- Swedish proverb
Don't throw porcupines in a balloon store. -- Scott Adams
Don't throw the first punch. Wait'll you're hit before you put up your dukes. -- John Steinbeck (Sweet Thursday)
Don't torture yourself. That's MY job.
Don't torture yourself...that's my job.
Don't trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die. -- Murphy's (men's restroom, Champaign, IL)
Don't try to be different. Just be good. To be good is different enough. -- Arthur Freed
Don't try to have the last word. You might get it.
Don't try to lawyer me out of common sense. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
Don't try to live your life in one day. -- Howard Jones
Don't try to play billiards with me as your cue. -- Adam Rifkin
Don't try to saw sawdust.
Don't try to stop the tail that wags the hound. -- They Might Be Giants
Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix. (Famous last words)
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Don't use no double negatives.
Don't vote --- it only encourages them!
Don't vote--it only encourages them
Don't vote... it only encourages them. -- Jack Paar
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Walk beside me, and just be my friend. -- Albert Camus
Don't wanna get stoned, don't wanna get stoned, but I don't wanna not get stoned. -- The Lemonheads
Don't want the whole world to know I'm searching for "Naked Dentistry". -- John Dobbin
Don't waste water. Pee on a friend.
Don't waste your time arguing with any combination of these three things ...success, failure, stupidity. -- Butch Reinke
Don't whiz on an electric fence. -- Ren and Stimpy
Don't wipe your hands on your pants. That's why socks were invented.
Don't worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older, it starts avoiding you. -- The Old Farmer's Almanac
Don't worry about my husband....he's at your place screwing your wife.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats. -- Howard Aiken
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking of you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking of them.
Don't worry, I'm fluent in weirdo.
Don't worry, I'm fluent in weirdo...
Don't worry, if everything worked right you'd be out of a job.
Don't worry, it's not loaded. (Famous last words)
Don't worry, prekies will be here soon to provide us with seconds if not minutes of entertainment! -- Anu Kapoor
Don't worry... be happy...
Don't worry... sleep is much more relaxing...
Don't you dare think that this girl lets you off the hook, star star star starlette star star star. This isn't like most mailing lists, where we ritually torture the new list member until someone else shows up. This is psychoburbia, where, if you're dumb, we'll just beat you mercilessly with lead pipes until the next idiot dares pull their head out of the sand, and then we'll beat them, too. -- Mark Argent
Don't you do it! -- An Officer and a Gentleman
Don't you ever do any work?
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you hate it when you're robbing a convenience store and the clerk recognizes you from high school? -- Brad Lyons
Don't you hate it when your kids eat all the marshmallows out of the Lucky Charms?
Don't you hate those... uncomfortable silences? -- Pulp Fiction
Don't you just LOVE the idea of spontaneous combustion?
Don't you know that God is Pooh Bear? -- Jack Kerouac
Don't you know that only fools are satisfied? Dream on, but don't imagine they'll all come true. -- Billy Joel
Don't you know there ain't no devil; that's just God when he's drunk... -- Tom Waits (Heartattack and Vine)
Don't you know there's a parade going on? -- Joseph Heller
Don't you know things will change. Things will go your way if you hold on for one more day. -- Wilson Phillips
Don't you love New Years? Everybody gets a second chance. -- Forrest Gump
Don't you see the connection between the government and laughing? -- The Monkees
Don't you tell me to dance. -- Jerry Maguire
Don't you think it bothers me that I'm this shallow? -- Steven Bondi
Dong is here five hours and he's with somebody. I'm here my whole life and I'm like a disease. -- 16 Candles
Doodling is a designer's disease.
Doooooooooooooooh!!! -- Homer Simpson
Dorothy Parker called her parakeet ONAN because he spilled his seed upon the ground.
DOS + Windows + ATM < OS/2 2.0
DOS 5.0: Yesterday's operating system, today!
DOS Computers manufactured by companies such as IBM, Compaq, Tandy, and millions of others are by far the most popular, with about 70 million machines in use worldwide. Macintosh fans, on the other hand, may note that cockroaches are far more numerous than humans, and that numbers alone do not denote a higher life form. -- The New York Times (November 26, 1991)
DOS is just an operating system that runs Windows 3.1
DOS is the greatest computer virus ever written -- UNIX user
DOS is todays CP/M - Windows is tomorrows CP/M
DOS means never having to live hand-to-mouse.
DOS never says Excellent command or filename...
DOS people actually believe this shit? -- Jessica Marrell
DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
DOS Tip : Don't use DOS.
DOS-O-MANIA : Reboot is not kicking your computer again.
DOS-O-MANIA : Root is not the book Alex Haley wrote.
DOS: Tells a computer what to do with itself
DOS=HIGH? I knew it was on something...
dot com is tired, man! All the happening sites end in .org these days. -- Wesley Felter
dot-com companies. Stock options for everyone. The workers own the means of production. dot-communists! Workers of the world, unite! The only thing you have to lose are your itemized deductions! Bloody bourgeoise Alternative Minimum Tax. -- Faisal Jawdat
Dot-com people work for start-ups injected with large Silicon Valley coin, they have options, they talk options, they dream options. They have IPOs. They're richer after four months of "web" work than many web people who've been doing it since the beginning. They don't have personal sites. They don't want personal sites. They don't get personal sites. They don't get personal. Web people can tell you the first site they ever saw, they can tell you the moment they knew: This, This Is It, I Will Do This. And they pour themselves into the web, with stories, with designs, with pictures. They create things worth looking at, worth reading, worth coveting, worth envying, worth loving. They create Beautiful Things. We need more of those. -- Meg Hourihan
Double cheese nachos got me right here. (burp!) -- Home Improvement
Double Latte Bolivian Mint Crack With a Touch of Angel Dust, Shaken not stirred. To Go. -- Neal Katz
Double your drive space Delete Windows
Double
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is an absurd one. -- Voltaire
Doughnut holes are made of the same thing as the hole in your toilet seat, but nobody ever publicizes that. -- Megan Coughlin
Dow - Better murder through chemistry.
Down is towards the enemy's gate. -- Ender Wiggins (Ender's Game)
Down that path lies madness. On the other hand, the road to hell is paved with melting snowballs. -- Larry Wall
Down the street, at the Touretzky Nasal Grindworks, they have a different motto: "Miserable Today - For a Better Tomorrow" -- Hans Moravec
Down with categorical imperative!
Down with hot pants!!!
Down with ignurance!
DOWN WITH SWANS! I wouldn't wipe my nose with a swan. -- Edward Abbey (discussing the superiority of herons and cranes)
DOYLE'S LAW: No matter how many share a cab, each puts the full fare on their expense account.
Dr. Kevorkian, Dr. Ruth, and Tonya Harding bring you drop-dead sex that'll bring you to your knees.
Dr. Lee testified that none of OJ's fingerprints were found at the crime scene... so, I guess the gloves do fit!
Dr. McCoy, I hate your #*@%ing human guts. Discussion?
Dr. Scott! Janet! Brad! Rocky! YO ADRIAN!
Dr. Soong did not intend me to be used this way. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Dracula died in vain.
Draft beer is best. So should it be with writing. -- Adam Rifkin
Draft beer, not people!
Draft the whales!
Drama is life with all the dull bits cut out. -- Alfred Hitchcock
Draw from your fine command of language and say nothing.
Draw SOMETHING resembling ANYTHING. -- When Harry Met Sally
Draw your salary before spending it.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing. -- Mark Twain
Dream tomorrow. Cherish yesterday. Live today. -- Maggie Keenan
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Dreams are the playground for Unicorns.
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams? -- Tennyson (The Higher Pantheism)
Dressing up can be a way of disguising the fact that you've got no personality. I can meet an old lady at a bus stop and have a much more interesting conversation with her than I can with a drag queen. -- Boy George
Drew's Law of Highway Biology: The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front of your eyes.
Drilling for oil is boring.
Drink and cook the prodigal son, fondue forks for everybody. -- They Might Be Giants
Drink is the curse of the land. It makes you fight with your neighbour. It makes you shoot at your landlord... and it makes you miss him. -- Irish Proverb
Drink wet cement, and get completely stoned.
Drink wet cement: Get Stoned.
Drive A: not responding.. .Formating C: instead
Drive C: Error, (A)bort (R)etry (I)gnore (K)ick (S)cream
Drive carefully in Heavy Fallout areas; people could be staggering illegally. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Drive carefully, we need every taxpayer we can get.
Drive defensively --- buy a tank.
Drive defensively, buy a tank.
Drive offensively, the life you save may be your own. -- Car Wars
Drive the speed limit... in your garage.
Drive your roomie nuts: Always flush the toilet three times.
Drive your roomie nuts: Ask if your family can move in "just for a couple of weeks."
Drive your roomie nuts: Become a subgenius.
Drive your roomie nuts: Burn all your waste paper while eying your roommate suspiciously.
Drive your roomie nuts: Bye three loaves of stale bread. Grow mold in the closet.
Drive your roomie nuts: Chain yourself to your roommate's bed. Get him to bring you food.
Drive your roomie nuts: Collect all your urine in a small jug.
Drive your roomie nuts: Dye all your underwear lime green.
Drive your roomie nuts: Eat glass.
Drive your roomie nuts: Fill his fishtank with beer and dump sardines in it. Talk to them.
Drive your roomie nuts: Inject his/her twinkies with a mixture of Dexatrim and MSG.
Drive your roomie nuts: Listen to radio static.
Drive your roomie nuts: Paint your half of the room black. Or paisley.
Drive your roomie nuts: Pray to Azazoth or Zoroaster. Sacrifice something nasty.
Drive your roomie nuts: Pretend to talk while pretending to be asleep.
Drive your roomie nuts: Recite entire movie scripts almost inaudibly.
Drive your roomie nuts: Remove your door. Ship to your roommate's parents (postage due).
Drive your roomie nuts: Shave one eyebrow.
Drive your roomie nuts: Smile. All the time.
Drive your roomie nuts: Smoke ballpoint pens.
Drive your roomie nuts: Smoke jimson weed. Do whatever comes naturally.
Drive your roomie nuts: Speak in tongues.
Drive your roomie nuts: Spill a lot of beer on his/her bed. Swim.
Drive your roomie nuts: Subsist entirely on pickles for a week. Vomit often.
Drive your roomie nuts: Switch the sheets on your beds while s/he is at class.
Drive your roomie nuts: Twitch a lot.
Drive your roomie nuts: Walk and talk backwards.
Driver carries no cash -- 2 kids in college.
Driver's license exam question: "When passing on right, always _______________." Your answer: "Shoot to Kill." -- Top 5
Driving fast on the track does not scare me. What scares me is when I drive on the highway I get passed by some idiot who thinks he is Fangio. -- Juan Manuel Fangio
Drizzle: A drip going steady
Drop 'em. (Pick up line)
Drop and give me twenty.
Drop the guy with the devil ears. -- NBC (June, 1965.)
Drop the vase and it will become a ming of the past.
Dropped from my peeling lips like lousy fruit.
Dropping my pants just scared them. But when my underwear hit the ground... Man! I never knew Jehovah's Witnesses could run that fast.
Drow do it with the lights out.
Drug Deaths Are Shooting Up. -- Headline in The Oregonian
Drug, n.: A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
Drugs are for the weak. Yoohoo is for the hardcore. -- Hayley Asay
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -- PJ O'Rourke
Drugs instantiate sex, lies and videotapes. -- the ARs
Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!
drugs. crack. a jedi knight wants not these things. but smoking it scott probably is. get some where can i? -- Andrew Stellman
Drugs: Melts in your mind, not in your hand.
Drugs: the substances of designer reality. -- Douglas Rushkoff (Cyberia: Life in the Trenches of Hyperspace)
Druids do it au naturel.
Druids do it in the bushes.
Druids do it with animals.
Druids leave no trace.
Druids worship trees. Zen Druids worship trees that don't exist. Reformed Druids worship trees and shrubs. Reformed Zen Druids worship trees and shrubs that don't exist.
Drummers pound it.
Dualism is just as much a perceptual division of the world into categories as it is a conceptual division. Human perception is by nature a dualistic phenomenon - which makes the quest for enlightenment an uphill struggle, to say the least. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Dualism is the conceptual division of the world into categories. Is it possible to transcend this very natural tendency? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Ducharme's Axiom, Weinstein's Corollary: Upon further reflection you will blame someone else.
Ducharme's Axiom: If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem.
Ducharme's Precept: Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Duck who fly upside down have quack up.
Ducking for apples. Change one letter and it's the story of my life. -- Dorothy Parker
Ducks get up at the quack of dawn.
Ducks? What ducks?
Duct tape is like the FORCE. It has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it can consume your father if you're not careful. -- Elliott Evans
Duct tape is like the force...it has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the universe together. -- Carl Zwanzig
Dude, your company is teetering on the very BRINK of technological RELEVANCE. Now is not the time to make feeble sport of the company whose BOOTED HEEL is at your THROAT. -- Dan Martinez
Dudley Moore is a phallic thimble.
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
Due to a timely trashing of the disk on our main hurd machine, it has been verified that it is possible to make a bootable hurd system from scratch using this image and a set of netbsd 1.1 boot floppies... -- Miles Bader
Due to bad planning, it's 11:00. -- Chris Heiser
Due to budgetary constraints the light at the end of the tunnel is being turned off.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul. -- Fortune
Due to several of these sorts of comments, you leave me no choice but to declare a Monty Python Interdiction Zone. Anyone quoting Monty Python will be subjected to an enema comprising of pureed John Cleese and Terry Gilliam, soaked with gasoline, and set on fire. -- Richard Bullington
Due to the aids epedemic it is no longer company policy to suck up or kiss the boss's ass.
Due to the austere level of funding, the light at the end of the tunnel will be extinguished until further notice.
Due to the postal strike, the assignment is extended to one week from today. I do not give out extensions without good reason. -- Forbes Burkowski
Due to unforeseen circumstances, Rob Earhart will not be able to perform today; in his absence, your standard bitterness, angst, and controversial statements on the unhinged list will be provided by Chris Hanson. We apologize for the inconvenience. -- Rob Earhart
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Duh. . . I didn't know FORMAT C: did that?
Duh. How do people with IQs so low they can't even feed themselves manage to get net access? -- Robert Harley
Dumb as a box of hammers, but he's such a handsome guy. -- Jill Sobule
Dumb luck beats sound planning every time. Trust me.
Dumb Terminal - doesn't understand what you're trying to get it to do.
Dunlap's Laws of Physics: 1. Fact is solidified opinion. 2. Facts may weaken under extreme heat and pressure. 3. Truth is elastic.
During a carnival men put masks over their masks. -- Xavier Forneret
During calculus and physics we have all learned that the time derivative of position is velocity, and the time derivative of velocity is acceleration. Not so well known is that the term for a change in acceleration wrt time is 'jerk' and is used in physiology to describe the fluidity of bodily motions. The question then arises, what terms should one use for a change of 'jerk'? The term 'inauguration' has been suggested for this purpose.
During his second term, President Clinton will work to reform campaign finance rules. No more big checks from foreign contributors. Under the new plan, he'll also accept Visa and MasterCard.
During many ages there were witches. The Bible said so. The Bible commanded that they should not be allowed to live. Therefore the Church, after doing its duty in but a lazy and indolent way for 800 years, gathered up its halters, thumbscrews, and firebrands, and set about its holy work in earnest. She worked hard at it night and day during nine centuries and imprisoned, tortured, hanged, and burned whole hordes and armies of witches, and washed the Christian world clean with their foul blood. Then it was discovered that there was no such thing as witches, and never had been. One does not know whether to laugh or to cry. -- Mark Twain
During my eighty-seven years, I have witnessed a whole succession of technological revolutions. But none of them has done away with the need for character in the individual or the ability to think. -- Bernard Baruch
During sex my girlfriend always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel. -- Rodney Dangerfield
During the earthquake, Bill's zip code changed three times before he got out of bed.
During the mid-1980s dairy farmers decided there was too much cheap milk at the supermarket. So the government bought and slaughtered 1.6 million dairy cows. How come the government never does anything like this with lawyers? -- P.J. O'Rourke
During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner." -- Jack Handey
During the WWDC keynote, new Senior VP of Software Engineering Avie Tevanian called Java Apple's biggest opportunity. It's not clear how many Apple developers share that opinion, but Apple proved it can make grand statements about Java as well as the next software company -- Geoff Duncan
During this century, intellectualism failed, and everyone knows it. In places like Russia and Germany, the common people agreed to loosen their grip on traditional folkways, mores, and religion, and let the intellectuals run with the ball, and they screwed everything up and turned the century into an abbatoir. Those wordy intellectuals used to be merely tedious; now they seem kind of dangerous as well. -- Neal Stephenson
During times of crisis the more timid elements run for cover. -- Hudsucker Proxy
Dust-balls - The cheap man's tribble.
Duty is what one expects from others.
Duty largely consists of pretending that the trivial is essential. -- John Fowles
Dvorak is no better than QWERTY. The studies made in the army were not controlled. And also, you're looking at the performance of the average, not the performance of the expert. -- Rohit Khare
Dwarves do it with short strokes.
Dweezle Dwyzle Dwazle Dwome. Time for this one to come home. -- Tooter the Turtle
Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. -- Clint Eastwood (the Outlaw Josey Wales)
Dying is a part of life. I wish it wasn't. -- Forrest Gump
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it. -- William Somerset Maugham
Dying is a wild night and a new road. -- Emily Dickinsom
Dying to me don't sound like all that much fun. -- John Cougar Mellencamp
DYKSTRA'S LAW: Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Dysfunctional group dynamic... this sort of co-dependent, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffeehouse with your big cups, which, I'm sorry, might as well have NIPPLES on them. And you're all like, "I need love! I need love! Define me!" -- Friends
Dyslexics of the world UNTIE!
E = M C squared? Very good Albert, but next time show your work! C+.
E equals M C cubed... darn that inflation!
E Pluribus Unix
E-mail and letters and the kind of crap I blat out all over pieces of paper should be tangential and random, or else they're dull. Essays for a class probably should be snipped. -- Megan Coughlin
Each generation wastes a little more of the future with greed and lust for riches. -- Donald Marquis
Each machine has its own, unique personality which probably could be defined as the intuitive sum total of everything you know and feel about it. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Each minute you spend working is one minute less that you have to spend here before you are permitted to leave! -- the only thing left on Adam Rifkin's white board office, 6/26/97
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Each of us is the center of the universe. So is everyone else. -- ee cummings
Each of us sleazes by at our own pace. -- David Farber
Each person needs different limits to set him or her free. Finding yours is what practice is all about. -- W. A. Mathieu
Each place has its own advantages - Heaven for the climate and Hell for society. -- Mark Twain
Each problem solved introduces a new unsolved problem.
Each small task of everyday life is part of the total harmony of the universe. -- St. Theresa of Lisieux
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem. -- Henry Kissinger
Each teabag is enveloped in a package that reads "A year-round valentine for everyone who really loves lemon." Well, I happen to be an ardent enthusiast for that particular flavor, and I can assure you that this alleged tea tastes less like lemon than most electric home appliances. The only way this substance could be considered a "year-round valentine" is by taking the meaning of "valentine" as "a heart," which, if left out in the open for a year, would be encrusted with congealed blood and covered with small, creeping insects. This tea breaks all previously-conceived boundaries of the concept bland. It invokes in the drinker a level of excitement usually associated with shoelace collections or counting one's own armpit hairs. -- Mike Shapiro
Each time you reach for a Coke, the olympic spirit is refreshed. -- Coca-Cola (2/23/92)
Eagles may soar, but weasels aren't sucked into jet engines. This is my favorite one; proving once again that any reference to weasels is funny. -- Megan Coughlin
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines. -- John Benfield
Eagleson's Law: Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months, might as well have been written by someone else.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious. -- William Feather
Earn cash in your spare time --- blackmail your friends.
Earn cash in your spare time, Blackmail your friends.
Earnestness is stupidity sent to college. -- PJ O'Rourke
Ears pierced free -- while you wait.
Earth below us, drifting, flowing. Floating weightless. Coming, coming home. -- Peter Schilling
Earth Elementals do it dirty.
EARTH FIRST! We'll strip-mine the other planets later.
EARTH FIRST! We'll stripmine the other planets later.
Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun. -- Jeff Berner
Earth is a single point of failure. -- Patrick Greenwell
Earth shutting down in 5 minutes, please save all files and log out.
Earth- Mostly Harmless (HHGTG 2nd ed.)
Earthquake predictors are fault finders.
Earthquake predictors are faultfinders.
Earthquakes are Earth's way of saying, WAKE UP
Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube: Black. Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of the plastic underneath (black). According to the instructions, this means the puzzle is solved. -- Steve Rubenstein
Easter has been cancelled; they found the body. Christmas has also been cancelled because Joseph confessed.
Easter is cancelled this year. They've found the body.
Easy Street is a blind alley.
Easy to use is easy to say. -- Jeff Garbers
Eat a live toad first thing in the morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Eat a live toad in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you for the rest of the day.
Eat any good books lately ~ Q
Eat Crap! 10 Trillion flies can't be wrong.
Eat every cookie as if it was the last cookie.
Eat more possum. (West Virginian bumper sticker)
Eat Parole, Get Gold Card soul. The joy of your life is on a roll, and we'll all be the same in the end. -- D. Albarn
Eat prune yogurt for that get up and go feeling.
Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway
Eat Thai food like the Thai do... sparingly. -- Rohit Khare
Eat the rich; the poor are tough and stringy.
Eat triticale: 3.56 quadrillion tribbles can't be wrong
Eat, drink, and be Maui. -- Hawaiian saying
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow ye diet.
Ebert could beat the crap out of Siskel. -- David Letterman
Ebonics, n.: The validation of poor english and lazy scholarship. -- Richard Goodman
Ecnalubma, sniglet: A rescue vehicle which can only be seen in the rearview mirror.
Economic understanding continues to increase. College kids used to write home and ask for money. Now they report unanticipated adverse cash-flow problems. -- Changing Times (The Kiplinger Magazine)
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
Economists are people who work with numbers but don't have the personality to be accountants.
Economists can certainly disappoint you. One said that the economy would turn up by the last quarter. Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't. -- Robert Orben
Economists do it with interest.
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor. -- Edgar R. Fiedler
Economy makes men independent.
Ecosystems, schmecosystems. -- Exxon
Ecstasy is a glimpse of the infinite; horror is full disclosure. -- Kirk Scneider (Horror and the Holy)
Eddie! I am American woman now! I want half! -- Eddie Murphy
Edible, adj.: Good to eat, and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm. -- Ambrose Bierce
Editing is a rewording activity.
editors note: pound table while reading the following. It's [pound] not [pound] that [pound] I [pound] don't [pound] give [pound] a [pound] shit [pound], it's that [pound] I [pound] really [pound] don't [pound] give [pound] a [pound] fucking [pound] shit [wham.] -- Robert Rodgers
Education helps earning capacity. Ask any college professor.
Education is a funny thing. At eighteen, I knew all the answers; now, at age 46, I don't even understand the questions.
Education is a progressive discovery.
Education is dead, let's just shoot all the kids and go home. -- Adam Rifkin
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. -- W. B. Yeats
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self confidence. -- Robert Frost
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -- Robert Frost
Education is the fire-proofer of emotions. -- Frank Crane
Education is the gradual discovery of how much we do not know.
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine. -- Irsin Edman
Education is what remains after you've forgotten everything you've learned. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Education is what you get from reading the small print - experience is what you get from not reading it.
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't. -- Pete Seeger
Education majors make you do it again and again until you get it right.
Education makes us what we are. -- C.A. Helvetius
Education, n.: That which discloses the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding. -- Ambrose Bierce
Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading. -- G.M. Trevelyan
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Educational music in the house! -- John Flansburgh
Edward Samuraiswordhands? -- Adam Rifkin
EE students do it on an Impulse.
Eeeeeek. I am listening to Pearl Jam through my headphones on my new CD player, and I'm noticing all kinds of stuff I never heard before. But Eddie just scared me! There's this part in Satan's Bed where he laughs sinisterly right in the right earpiece, and I honestly thought that someone had come up behind me and was laughing right in my ear. -- Megan Coughlin
Effective immediately, Apple Computer has unbundled the 'return' key from Apple keyboards. This allows Apple to lower the price of keyboards by $0.01. Users wishing to buy a return key will be able to do so through their local dealer. The kits will cost $99 installed, and are expected to be available in the third quarter of 1993. 'We think this will enable more users to get return keys,' said Apple chairman John Sculley. 'Also, we want the money.' -- Steve Dorner
effective immediately, my email address will change from [foo@foo.com] to [bar@bar.net]. This may mean nothing or absolutely nothing to you depending on which of the people I sent this to are recieveing it. If it does mean something to you, please don't write to my old email address or bad things may happen to you and you family. For example, two months ago an egyptian archeologist in egypt mailed my old email address and was later found to be dead from mosquito bites. His wife and kids lived happily ever after. Another man in peru mailed my old email address before he went on an expedition to that incan city I forget it's name. He broke his leg. He came back and mailed my correct address and three weeks later his leg was mysteriously healed and he discovered a new incan city just two miles from his home. this is NOT a chain letter, please do not send it to anyone.
Efficiency is getting the job done //right//. Effectiveness is getting the //right job done//.
Efficiency takes time Frugality: who can afford it?
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -- Napoleon Hill
Egad, a base tone denotes a bad age. -- They Might Be Giants Palindrome
Egghead, n.: What Mrs. Dumpty gave Humpty.
Eggheads of the world unite! You have nothing to lose but your yokes. -- Adlai Stevenson
Ego Gratification through Violence.
Egosurfing is the act of feeding your own name to the search engines and visiting the resulting hits. -- Wired
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool. -- Bellamy Brooks
Egotist, n.: A guy who suffers from I strain.
Ehh, Whats up doc? -- B. Bunny
Eiffelites, sniglet: Gangly people sitting in front of you at the movies who, no matter what direction you lean in, follow suit.
Eight minutes to Wapner. Eight minutes to Wapner. -- Top 5
Eight-ball is a racist game. The white ball knocks the black ball last. -- Boomerang
Eighty-three percent of Britons say they forgive Princess Di for her infidelity. Apparently, the other 17 percent have never gotten a good look at Prince Charles. -- Conan O'Brien
Einstein rules relatively OK, in theory anyway.
Einstein was a genius: Head in the clouds, feet on the ground. But those of us who are not as tall, have to make a choice. -- Richard Feynman
Either he's dead or my watch has stopped. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Either he's playing classical music at 78 RPM, or I'm still dreaming. -- Calvin's Dad
Either I think of a plan, or tomorrow we meet our makers. In my case, God. In your case, God knows. But I don't think he's won any designing awards. -- Blackadder III
Either I'm getting predictable, or stay the hell out of my diary. -- Greg Plesur
Either that file gets deleted, or you do. -- Golden Years
Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
Either we'll succeed and have a well-financed development and operations company, or we'll put Frontier in mothballs, and revisit it next year. So the stakes are high for us. It's shit or get off the pot time here at UserLand. Wheee! -- Dave Winer (CEO, UserLand Software)
Either your head will explode or you would be nice and serene or your head would explode AND you would be nice and serene. -- Bethany Jozwiak
ekistics, n. (used with a sing. verb): 1. The science of human settlements, including city or community planning and design.
Ekistics, n. used with a singular verb: The science of human settlements, including city or community planning and design.
Ekkey ekkey ekkey p'tang wheee
Ekkie ekkie phatang zooboing
Eknath Easwaran, the California meditation teacher whose book "Gandhi the Man" is the simplest, and therefore loveliest, of the many Gandhi biographies, describes seeing Gandhi meditate during the evening prayer service in the last years of his life. The text that evening was from the second chapter of the Gita. As the sonorous verses were read, you could see him completely absorbed, his mind growing calm and still. His concentration was so complete that it was no longer the second chapter you were listening to, it was the second chapter you were seeing, witnessing for yourself the transformation it describes: "They are forever free who have broken, Out of the ego-cage I and mine, To be united with the Lord of Love. This is the supreme state. Attain thou this And pass from death to immortality." On the other hand, you could have 1.6 Gb, a 10xCD-ROM, 128 MB RAM and a smug dose of superiority. -- Bill McKibben (Salon)
Elaine, you're not going to believe it! That guy you got into an arguement with on the subway? He just opened fire on the LIRR! -- Seinfeld
Elanor and Niphredil bloom no more east of the sea. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
Elbonics, sniglet: The actions of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie theater.
Elecelleration, sniglet: The mistaken notion that the more you press an elevator button the faster it will arrive.
Elections come and go, but politics are always with us.
Electric chairs are period furniture: they end a sentence
Electrical Engineers do it with large capacities.
Electricians do it with spark.
Electrocution, n.: Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
eleet3speAk 1s uh s1gn 0f uh j0ke d0ude. N0w shuDDup bef0re I br3ak 0ut ]-[P/J3td1recht sNmP sPl0itz aND shUt d0wn y0 f4t m0mz d0ubl3s1de d00plex0r. -- Marc Tamsky
Elegance is the only criterion for an act.
Elegant Frankfurter - A haute dog
Elephants are taboo to the British. When exporting goods to Britain make sure you do not put any pictures of elephants on the good's trademarks or its packaging. -- China Trade News
Elevators smell different to midgets
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Eliminate government waste no matter how much it costs.
Eliminate quotations. As Ralph Waldo Emerson said, "I hate quotations. Tell me what you know."
Elizabeth Hurley and Hugh Grant are listed in the latest WHO'S WHO. As for Divine Brown, she's listed in the latest WHO'S HO. -- Conan O'Brien
Elle MacPherson is another story altogether... pant, pant. -- Robert Harley
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
Elmer Fudd has CD-WOM, Wead Onwy Memowy.
Eloquence is logic on fire.
Elves do it in fairy rings.
Elvis is alive and doing my laundry.
Elvis is dead and I don't feel so good myself.
Elvis is dead. Give it up. -- Michelle Hall
Elvis was right to shoot TV sets.
EMACS = Evil Masquerading As Common Software.
Emacs can't whip up shit. You can whip something up using elisp. The problem with this picture? elisp. -- Martin Frankel
Emacs is a disease, not a tool. -- Robert Rodgers
Emacs is a fine windowing system, but I still prefer glass. -- Tom Christiansen
Emacs is not an editor. Emacs is a way of thinking about the world, and as such is a way of thinking about editors. The process of editing is Emacs, but Emacs is more than the process of editing. When you ask what Emacs does, you are asking a question with no answer, because Emacs doesn't do, it is done to. Emacs just is. ... I hope this makes things clearer. -- Scott Dorsey
Emacs would have loaded the poor machine to the point where there was no more time to spend animating the dinosaurs, and everyone would have been home by lunchtime. And that would have made a very boring movie. -- John West
Email to Hillary Clinton should be adressed to root@whitehouse.gov.
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery. -- Bob Marley
Embarrasingly enough, the link I sought was not on your page, so my frustration toward you was misdirected. -- John Dobbin
Embrace change... Keep the values... Hold dear the laughter...
Emerson left his pastorate because he had some argument about communion.
Emo Phillips was pulled over in Massachusetts for reckless driving. When brought before the judge, Emo was asked if he knew what the punishment for drunk driving in that state was. His reply: "I don't know, reelection to the Senate?"
Emotionally, men only pick the major channels: pain and orgasm. The rest is static.
Emotionally, women have satellite dishes and men have coat hangers with aluminum foil.
emotionally-envious, sexually-jealous insolent little dysfunctional bastard -- baby-X
Emperor Greg: Reject yesterday's tomorrow. Emperor Greg: Obey. Emperor Greg: He may not solve your problems, but he'll try not to crush you like a grape. -- Greg Plesur
Empire had the betting ending. I mean, Luke gets his hand cut off, finds out Vader is his father, uh, Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett. It ends on such a down note. -- Clerks
Empirical research has shown that quality tends to the be consequence of quantity when it comes to creativity...Those who produce more master-works also produce more rubbish. -- Keith Simonton
Employ the vernacular.
Empowerment comes from within. Not from without. -- Adam Rifkin
Emulate your heros, but don't take it too far. Especially if they are dead.
End rush hour now! Legalize vehicular weaponry.
Endless love, n.: Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis.
Energizer Bunny Arrested! Charged with battery.
Energy equals milk chocolate square.
Energy, like the biblical grain of the mustard seed, will remove mountains. -- Hosea Ballou
Engineer's estimate, n.: The cost of construction in heaven.
Engineer's Rap: It's a hardware bug \ It's a software bug \ It's two...two...two bugs in one!
Engineers are up on their fluid mechanics.
Engineers can handle stress and strain in their relationships.
Engineers do it with precision.
Engineers know that the world revolves around them... they picked the coordinate system!
Engineers know what all those extra buttons on a calculator really do.
Engineers think equations are an approximation of reality. Physicists think reality is an approximation of the equations. Mathematicians never make the connection.
Engineers think that theory approximates reality. Physicists think that reality approximates theory. Mathematicians never make the connection.
England are a goal ahead -- that's a win if it stays that way.
England has already lost the war. It is only a matter of having the intelligence to admit it. -- Adolf Hitler (4/4/41)
English can most charitably be described as a generous, expansive, and flexible language; a less charitable description would characterize it as drunk and disorderly. -- Teresa Nielsen Hayden
English is wonderful, when used correctly.
English muffins were not invented in England, nor french fries in France.
Enjoy a good laugh --- go to work on a feather.
Enjoy me, I may never pass this way again.
Enjoy the universe - it is the only one you are likely to experience.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Enjoy yourself - spring is here
Enjoyment is my speciality.
Enjoyment is not a goal, it is a feeling that accompanies important ongoing activity. -- Paul Goodman
Enlightenment guaranteed or double your Buddha nature back! -- Joshua Schachter
Enlightenment is not an attainment, it is a realization. And when you wake up, everything changes and nothing changes. If a blind man realizes that he can see, has the world changed?
Enlightenment is not the first step on the road to Zen; if anything, it's the last one! Enlightenment is not for novices. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Enlightenment is the conversion of religious experience to religious life. -- Steven Puerto
Enough about me, let's talk about you for a minute. Enough about you, let's talk about life for a while. -- Alanis Morissette
Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Enough wit places one above his equal; too much of it lowers him to the rank of mere entertainer.
Ensgin Expendable, step on that rock -- Kirk
Ensign Pillsbury: He's bread Jim
Ensign Singer... Make it sew.
Ensign Walnut approaches Dr. Crusher with caution.
Ensign, engage datasuck mode
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
Enter that again, just a little slower.
Enter your personal identification number.
Enter? What ever happened to 'Come in?' -- The Sunshine Boys
Enthusiasm is faith set on fire. -- George Adams
Enthusiasm often masks a great deal of incompetence.
Entrance Exam, n.: Precoital check-up.
Entrepreneurship is the last refuge of the trouble-making individual. -- James K. Glassman (October 1976)
Entresol, n.: The floor just above the ground floor of a building; a mezzanine.
Entropy ain't what it used to be.
Entropy is what happens when the universe doesn't pay its electric bill.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking. -- Jerome Lettvin
EOI ENCOUNTERED.
Epexegesis, n.: Additional explanation or explanatory material.
Epicentre of the Universe, God speaking.
Epitaph: Here lies an honest lawyer. That is strange.
Epochodor, n.: The smell of history found at museums.
Epperson's law: When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably something his wife can beat him at.
Equal bytes for women.
Equinox - Cross between a horse and a cow.
Equivocation is the first cousin to a lie.
Erasers are not only for mistakes, but for those willing to correct their mistakes.
Eres encantador.
Eres precioso.
Ergo, computing zeta(3) and zeta(5) by polylogarithms of (1/2^n). -- Robert Harley
Ernest Hemingway once wrote, "The world is a fine place and worth fighting for." I agree with the second part. -- Seven
Ernest Prabhakar: "How much of computer science is applied philosophy." Rohit Khare: "Not enough."
Ernie Prabhakar: "How much of computer science is applied philosophy?" Rohit Khare: "Not as much as it should be."
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken, perverted is using the whole chicken (but it's dead), disgusting is eating it afterward.
erpf...uh...kill me now... better yet, kill him now. -- Dmitri Schoeman
Errare umanum est.
Error #1511: Brain Offline
Error - [A]bort, [R]etry, [F]ake like it's working...
Error 005: Windows loading. Come back tomorrow.
ERROR 103: Dead mouse in hard drive.
Error 216: Tagline out of paper
Error 96: Dead mouse in hard drive.
Error : (A)bort (R)etry (S)ell it
Error finding REALITY.SYS - Universe halted.
Error in REALITY.SYS. Run BIGBANG.EXE (Y/N)
Error is the stuff of which the web of life is woven; and he who lives longest and wisest is only able to wear out the more of it. -- Thomas Jefferson (cited by Dumas Malone in his biography of Jefferson)
Error reading FAT table. Try SKINNY one? (Y/N)
Error reading left brain. (A)bort, (R)etry, (F)rolic?
Error, mistake, slip, blunder, lapse? I prefer to think of it as an unfortunate juxtaposition of circumstances.
Error, n.: What someone else has made when they disagree with your computer output
ERROR: CPU not found
ERROR: REALITY.SYS Corrupted -- Universe unrecoverable
ERROR: Unable to come up with a good tagline.
Es hombre el que puede decir &#171;Soy&#187;; No es hombre el que s&oacute;lo dice &#171;Mi padre era&#187;.
Eschew ampersands & abbreviations, etc.
Eschew dialect, irregardless.
Eschew obfuscation. -- Bumper sticker
Esperanto is an amusing attempt to make Spanish sound elegant. -- Stephen Fry (Trefusis is Unwell, from Paperweight)
Established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology.
Estoppel, n. Law: A bar preventing one from making an allegation or a denial that contradicts what one has previously stated as the truth.
Estoppel, n. Law: A rule of evidence preventing one from making an allegation or a denial that contradicts what one has previously stated as the truth.
Etc. (gratuitous parenthetical phrase). -- Craig Guthery
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. -- Woody Allen
Eternity is long. Especially in the end.
Ethernet, n.: A device for catching the Ether Bunny.
Ethiopian food? Well, this will be a light meal. I didn't even know Ethiopians HAD food. -- When Harry Met Sally
Ettore's Observation: The other line moves faster.
Euclid alone has looked on beauty bare. -- Edna St. Vincent Millay
Euclid was a square!
Euclid was square.
Eulogy, n.: Praise of a person who has either the advantages of wealth and power, or the consideration to be dead. -- Ambrose Bierce
Eunichs is an operating system with no balls.
Eureka
EuroDisney prostitutes cost $50 to do it Goofy style, or $100 for a straight Donald Duck.
Evangelists do more than lay people.
EVANS' AND BJORN'S LAW: No matter what goes wrong, there is always somebody who knew it would.
EVANS' LAW: If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, you don't understand the problem.
Evel Knevil can get ON the airplane... I'm getting IN the airplane. -- George Carlin
Even "Sandy" doesn't know everything! -- Doug DeJulio
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Even at 500 feet tall, the Washington Monument is not the largest erection in the world or even in DC. -- Bill Maher
Even better than that Sweeps series on LA news last year, Is God Mad at us? Really, it was a five-part weeklong series. Only in LA. -- Rohit Khare
Even evil people sometimes get up in the middle of the night to eat chocolate chip cookies. -- Di Francis
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
Even hypochondriacs can be ill.
Even I dip my ladle into the english well every now and then. -- Adam Rifkin
Even I haven't used economic, hypermedia, theory, and hazardous waste in a single sentence yet... -- Rohit Khare
Even if a mixed metaphor sings, it should be derailed.
Even if it's not faster, it feels like it is. -- Larry Wall
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth. -- Gandhi
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you do not keep moving. -- Will Rogers
Even if you can't get a date, avoid kidnapping. It's bad for your reputation.
Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
Even if you think (as the Netscape 6.0 engineers clearly do) that Alt+Left is not a good shortcut key for "Back", there are literally millions of people out there who will try to use Alt+Left to go back, and if you refuse to do it on some general religious principle that Bill Gates is the evil Smurf Gargamel, then you are just gratuitously ruining your program so that you can feel smug and self-satisfied, and your users will not thank you for it. -- Joel Spolsky
Even if you win the rat race, you're still a rat.
Even in laughter the heart may sorrow, and the end of mirth may be grief. -- Proverbs 14:13
Even in our headiest moments, we couldn't convince ourselves that people lust for political and cultural commentary the way they lust for sex and money. -- Michael Kinsley
Even in paradise, you have to go to the crappiest beach first to appreciate the really monster death-defying ones. -- Rohit Khare
Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
Even more important than winning the election is governing the nation. That is the test of a political party... the acid, final test. -- Adlai E. Stevenson Jr. (1952)
Even more painful for Gumby than his parents' divorce was the long, stretched-out custody battle. -- Leigh Rubin
Even Napoleon had his Watergate. -- Yogi Berra
Even rats learn from experience. -- George Skarbek
Even scarier than doritos in a can... Doritos 3-D! I'm not sure I approve of this innovation. They don't even taste as good as good ol' 2-D Doritos. -- Megan Coughlin
Even simple has two syllables.
Even snakes are afraid of snakes.
Even supervising can be fun you know.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral. -- Kehlog Albran (The Profit)
Even the boldest zebra fear the hungry lion.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the bravest of us rarely has the courage for what he really knows...
Even the dullest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Even The New York Times uses [the word] Seinfeldian! It's the next best thing to Seinfeldesque. Actually, I prefer Seinfeldian. -- Jerry Seinfeld (to Entertainment Weekly)
Even the penile enlargement fad has to be measured against the Web... -- Rohit Khare
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Even though I started out of grim self-flaggelation, I've reached that tipping point where it's like "Hey! If I suck in my breath, I can see straight down to the floor! Whoa!" -- Rohit Khare
Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only 2 cents a day.
Even though they taste heavenly, you're pretty sure Malomars are not a sacrament. -- Top 5
Even vegetarians live off death.
Even very young children need to be informed about dying. Explain the concept of death very carefully to your child. This will make threatening him with it much more effective.
Even when I close my eyes, your silhouette is smiling at me. -- They Might Be Giants
Even when opportunity knocks, you still have to get up off your seat and open the door.
Even with a great lawyer, I'll get ten thousand years. -- The Mask
Even with a paddle, shit's creek is not a great place to be up. -- Bill Maher
Events unfold so unpredictably, so unfairly, human happiness does not seem to have been included in the design of creation. It is only we, with our capacity to love, that give meaning to the indifferent universe. -- Woody Allen (Crimes and Misdemeanors)
Eventually, people realized that the Information Superhighway was essentially CB radio, but with more typing. -- Dave Barry
Eventually, the water hazard will fill up with golf balls. It will still be a hazard, though, because you can only hit your own ball.
Ever fly through a thunderstorm? It's pretty, in an "I'm gonna die" way. -- Nikki Gustas
Ever get so drunk that when you put a dime in the jukebox, a pack of Marlboros pop out?
Ever have one of those millennia?
Ever help the person behind the counter with their terminal/computer?
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I.
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I...
Ever notice how irons have a setting for "permanent" press? I don't get it...
Ever notice how tense grownups get when they're recreating? -- Calvin
Ever notice how they have to distinguish between Truth, Justice, and *then* the American Way? -- Richard Darwin
Ever notice how war is particularly ugly when you try to explain it to children?
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are.
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
Ever notice that there just aren't enough days in the week-end?
Ever put dry ice in your soda to make it really cold? Me neither...
Ever read "Obedience to Authority" by Stanley Milgram? It's a real wristslasher of a book.
Ever shoot an elephant in your pajamas?
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Ever throw a frozen plum out of a third-story window onto a parking lot? You will. -- Ari Rapkin
Ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup? -- John Mendoza
Ever wonder what the speed of lightning would be if is didn't zigzag?
Every 10 minutes I walk over to the library and press my face against the scanner, ftp the file over to my machine and serve it off a web server. I'm looking to automate the entire process though. -- Dmitri Schoeman
Every 4 seconds a woman has a baby. Our problem is to find this woman and stop her.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Every action has a positive reaction, even if it has a negative result. -- Slacker
Every baby born in America is endowed with life, liberty, and a share of the national debt.
Every battle is won before it is ever fought. Sun-tzu, The Art of War. -- Wall Street
Every breath leaves me one less to my last. -- Dream Theater
Every burned book enlightens the world. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Every character you save saves power. -- John Dobbin
Every child had pretty good a shot to get as far as their old man got. But something happened on the way to that place. -- Billy Joel
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once she grows up. -- Pablo Picasso
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
Every cloud has a silver bullet. -- Married with Children
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every country has the government it deserves. -- Joseph de Maistre
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
Every day I cry a few tears for a world spun so wildly out of control. -- John Dobbin
Every day's a new day, that's what I've been told. -- Don Henley
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on. -- Frederic Chopin
Every disadvantage has its advantage.
Every disagreement in the world is a matter of definition and degree. -- Kaylanis Law
Every few minutes I stumble into some bogosity in SML, and compose a rant, and wipe it because I'm pretty sure no one cares. -- Rob Earhart
Every generation yields the new born hope unjaded by their years. -- Sarah McLachlan
Every GI that gets malaria is jolly good for the world because that means more money for malarial drug research. -- Dr. Nicholas White (NYT 3/3/96)
Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Every government is a parliament of whores. The trouble is, in a democracy the whores are us. -- PJ O'Rourke
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and not clothed. The world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the houses of its children. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower (April 16, 1953)
Every hard-boiled egg is yellow inside.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible. -- Frank Moore Colby
Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except study for that instructor's course.
Every interesting data structure is recursive.
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it. Autograph your work with excellence.
Every joy must be paid for twice over with sorrow. -- August Strindberg (A Dream Play)
Every jumbled pile of person has a thinking part that wonders what the part that isn't thinking isn't thinking of. -- They Might Be Giants
Every knot has an unraveller in Allah.
Every little BYTE helps
Every little event is like a pebble in the water that ripples outward and touches places the pebble never could. One set of friends started examining their OWN lives long after discussion of you or me had left the conversation. -- Adam Rifkin
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own. -- Don Vonada
Every major horror of history was committed in the name of an altruistic motive. -- Ayn Rand
Every man dies, not every man really lives. (Braveheart, 1995)
Every man has a right to his opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong about the facts. -- The Old Philosopher
Every man has a secret ambition to outsmart horses, fish, and women.
Every man has his price. Every price has its man.
Every man has his price. Mine is $3.95.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Every man is as Heaven made him, and sometimes a great deal worse.
Every man is given the key to the gates of heaven. The same key opens the gates of hell.
Every man must sow his wild oats, until a woman comes along and rips out the stitches.
Every man reaps what he sows, except the amateur gardener.
Every man secretly hates pretty girls because they're the ones who rejected him in high school. -- Candace Bushnell
Every man should have a hobby, but make sure your wife doesn't know about her.
Every man thinks God is on his side. The rich and powerful know that he is. -- Jean Anouilh (The Lark)
Every man thinks of his own fleas as gazelles.
Every man's life, liberty, and property are in danger when the Legislature is in session. -- Daniel Webster (1782-1852)
Every man's memory is his private literature. -- Aldous Huxley
Every man's work is a portrait of himself.
Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such. -- Henry Miller
Every moment makes me a different person. -- Peter Searls (The Sun, July 1994)
Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work. -- Robert Orben
Every morning I get up and start combing my hair. Then I really need a drink for that thirst I worked up. -- John Dobbin
Every morning I stop off at SevLev and pick me up a Super Big Gulp to start my morning right. -- John Dobbin
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
Every morning is the same: Wake up, have your coffee, go retrieve your penis from the front yard. -- Top 5
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. -- Semisonic
Every night during "Wheel of Fortune," you scream, "Screw the vowels, spin the damn wheel!!" -- Top 5
Every nite my wife brushes her hair with 500 strokes. It doesn't do too much for her hair, but... ya oughta see the arm muscles on this woman!!!
Every noble work is at first impossible. -- Thomas Carlyle
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis. It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. -- H.L. Mencken
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. -- H. L. Mencken
Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas... with the music at top volume and at least a pint of ether... -- Hunter S. Thompson (Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas)
Every now and then, a little learning makes us think we know a lot. -- Vaughn Manning
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help. -- Zig Ziglar
Every old idea will be proposed again with a different name and a different presentation, regardless of whether it works. -- Ross Callon
Every once in a while an ad campaign comes along that shows the softer, compassionate side of business. No one remembers that crap. -- Denis Leary
Every once in awhile I get the urge to use my evil genius to crush and enslave the globe without mercy, but then I realize I'd probably just hurt my back, so I grab a beer and go back to the couch instead. -- David James
Every path has its puddle.
Every person is an individual; we all have a set of designer genes.
Every person takes the limits of their own field of vision for the limits of the world. -- Schopenhauer
Every person who has not tasted the bitterness of despair has missed life's significance. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Every person you see on TV has sold their soul to get there. -- Joe Kiniry
Every place has its advantages and disadvantages. Pittsburgh has its snow, but Palo Alto has those giant carrion weasles. You decide which is worse. -- Greg Plesur
Every problem will be transparent to somebody. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
Every program has two purposes --- written and another for which it wasn't.
Every program in development at MIT expands until it can read mail.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Every program is part of some other program and rarely fits.
Every psychic investigator of [the medium] Mrs. Piper was impressed by her simplicity and honesty. It never occurred to them that no charlatan ever achieves greatness by acting like a charlatan. No professional spy acts like a spy. No card cheat behaves at the table like a card cheat. -- Martin Gardner
Every purchase has its price.
Every rose has a thorn as its friend.
Every sheep hangs by his own leg.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every silver lining has a cloud.
Every single message on alt.religion.computers has Subject: Re: Macs Suck.. , with the exception of a few that have Subject: <something else> (was Re: Macs Suck..) -- Andrew Stellman
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every sound should end in silence, but the silence never dies.
Every speaker has a mouth; an arrangement rather neat. Sometimes it's filled with wisdom. Sometimes it's filled with feet. -- Robert Orben
Every sperm is sacred, every sperm is great. If a sperm is wasted, God gets quite irate.
Every successful man I have heard of has done the best he could with conditions as he found them, and not waited until next year for better. --E.W. Howe
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Every teen-ager should get a high school education - even if they already know everything.
Every thought you make becomes a reality. -- Slacker
Every time a computer science student graduates, another free software project goes into 'maintenance mode'. -- Fletcher Sandbeck
Every time a friend succeeds, I die a little inside.
Every time I close the door on reality, it shines through the window. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Every time I learn to live by my means, my means get meaner. -- Adam Rifkin
Every time I look at you, I go blind. -- Hootie and the Blowfish
Every time I see Dan Quayle I feel like buying a vowel. -- Emo Phillips
Every time I see or hear a commercial for Zima with this guy, I just want to zlam my fist into his mouth.
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
Every time you turn on your new car, you're turning on 20 microprocessors. Every time you use an ATM, you're using a computer. Every time I use a settop box or game machine, I'm using a computer. The only computer you don't know how to work is your Microsoft computer, right? -- Scott McNealy
Every Titanic has its iceberg.
Every vibration awakens all others of its particular pitch.
Every view of the world that becomes extinct, every culture that disappears, diminishes the possibility of life. -- Octavio Paz
Every Vision of the Future we saw - whoever sponsors the fish place has this vision of exploiting the ocean floor; AT&T runs the "ride" inside that enormous Epcot sphere, and it's like one big "You Will" commercial - frightened us. -- Megan Coughlin
Every week here at headquarters we get thousands of pieces of email, asking questions like 'How do I get online?'
Every why hath a wherefore.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness. -- Samuel Beckett
Every year it takes less time to fly across the Atlantic, and more time to drive to the office. -- Cousin Woodman
Every year my thermostat goes lower and my oil bills go higher. It's like I'm heating in Celsius and paying in Fahrenheit.
Everybody dies. What matters is what you do between now and when it happens to you. -- Orson Scott Card (Treasure Box)
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they loose their common sense. -- Gertrude Stein
Everybody in Green Day likes milk best of all, but the thing is, we drink it out of beer bottles because if we don't people will make fun of us and say we're sissies. -- Billie Joe to Laurie L.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects. -- Will Rogers
Everybody knows Bob Dole likes peanut butter. Nobody should touch Bob Dole's peanut butter. -- Saturday Night Live
Everybody knows lesbian sex is more satisfying than heterosexual sex. -- Threesome
Everybody knows that the world is full of stupid people. -- the Refreshments
Everybody lies about sex. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Everybody lies; but it doesn't matter since no one listens.
Everybody loves you. Pisses me off. -- Jerry Maguire
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love.
Everybody ought to have a friend.
Everybody ought to have a maid.
Everybody remember where we parked. -- Kirk
Everybody says they want a million bucks, but I'd rather have a million days with you. -- All
Everybody should believe in something. I believe I will have another drink.
Everybody understands what concurrency means? Two lies at once. -- Felipe Cabrera
Everybody wants a person who's into *them*. I always wanted someone to want me for being Chris -- not for being the famous guy on TV. But I'll never know who's really down with me unless I'm so broke I'm trying to mail letters with food stamps. But I'm doing Okay. Everybody's your friend when you're doing Okay. You know who knows who his real friends are? Vanilla Ice. -- Chris Rock
Everybody wants a rock to wind a piece of string around. -- They Might Be Giants
Everybody wants prosthetic foreheads on their real heads. -- They Might Be Giants
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everybody who knows anything about history firsthand is dead. This means our only source of history is historians, who are useless because they keep changing everything around. -- Dave Barry
Everybody who's vested is too busy lighting cigars and tipping hookers to comment. -- anonymous Sports Illustrated editor after AOL/Time-Warner merger announcement
Everybody's at fault according to someone. Cripes, deal with it. -- Stephen Baker
Everybody's good enough for some change. -- Live
Everybody's headed for death in this piece. We are not glorifying the violence. -- John Travolta
Everybody's ignorant, just in different subjects. -- Will Rogers
Everybody's playing the game, but nobody's rules are the same. -- Chess
Everyone and his bisexual brother writes erotica. -- Andrew Stellman
Everyone at W&M thought I was the biggest piece of granola they had ever met. -- Megan Coughlin
Everyone believes in the power of positive thinking. So do I. I think everything positively stinks.
Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught how not to. So it is with the great programmers.
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.
Everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Everyone gets two parents, but there's only one GREEN DAY. -- Laurie L.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.
Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps yours is watching television. -- David Letterman
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology. -- Clive James
Everyone has a road to follow... bring change for the toll booths
Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
Everyone has a story that would break your heart. -- Claudia Shearer
Everyone has part ownership of the songs. -- Eddie Vedder
Everyone has Patriots, but I all I have is Scuds. -- Rugburns
Everyone has some redeeming quality... mortality, if nothing else.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Everyone I know goes away in the end. -- Nine Inch Nails
Everyone in this room is wearing a uniform, and don't kid yourself. -- Frank Zappa
Everyone is a damned fool for five minutes each day. Wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit.
Everyone is born a king, and most people die in exile.
Everyone is enthusiastic about your work.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but they are not entitled to their own facts. -- Pat Moynihan (quoted in Robert Sobel's review of ``Past Imperfect: History According to the Movies'' edited by Mark C. Carnes)
Everyone is expendable and no one has a real friend.
Everyone is gifted. Some open the package sooner.
Everyone is necessarily the hero of his own life story. -- John Barth
Everyone knows that the best song for fucking is Assimilate by Skinny Puppy. Of course Deep Down Trauma Hounds is a close second. -- Chris Rapier
Everyone knows the four seasons are pepper, salt, vinegar, and oil.
Everyone knows the moon is really made of silver, it's quarters and halves.
Everyone makes mistakes, but not everyone dates 30 year-old virgins from the Church of Christ. -- Jenni Miller
Everyone needs belief in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
Everyone needs to adopt the Dobbin standard 13 days. Makes a simple date last longer than some people's relationships... -- John Dobbin
Everyone ought to have a maid.
Everyone said she looked beautiful even without her head. -- Cracker
Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their writing.
Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry.
Everyone should have enough money to get plastic surgery. -- Beverly Johnson
Everyone should know where his towel is.
Everyone stopping by with unsought advice will see your mistake.
Everyone talks about apathy, but no one does anything about it.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -- Leo Tolstoy
Everyone to whom much is given, of him much will be expected; and of him to whom men commit much, they will demand the more. -- Luke 12:48
Everyone wants to live long, but no one wants to be old.
Everyone who believes in telekinesis... raise my hand.
Everyone who got where he is had to start from where he was.
Everyone who is not here please raise your hand...
Everyone who knows how to read has it in their power to magnify themselves, to multiply the ways in which they exist, to make their life full, significant, and interesting. -- Aldous Huxley
Everyone who uses Stacker has had problems with it. Some just don't realize it. -- Todd Gleason
Everyone, please note that you are supposed to consult Ted for a fair assessment of everything on art. He obviously knows more than anyone else about the aesthetic value of everything. -- Eva Crider
Everyone's a little queer, why can't she be a little straight? I'm told she's a lesbian, I thought I had found the one. We were good as married in my mind, but married in my mind's no good. Pink triangle on her sleeve, let me be the one. -- Weezer
Everyone's a superhero; everyone's a Captain Kirk. -- Nena
Everyone's favourite Swiss Army Chainsaw is coming up to thirteen years old now, and would be about to show the world a brand new face for the new millennium if that didn't start next year instead of this one. -- Simon Cozens (What's new in Perl 5.6.0)
Everyone's insane. I wish I could take a shot or something and be sexually attracted to Chris Rapier. -- Fleur Dragan
Everyone's so nice to me. What have I done to deserve it?
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything can be filed under Miscellaneous.
Everything comes to him who waits; among other things, death. -- Francis Bradley
Everything considered, work is less boring than amusing onself. -- Charles Baudelaire
Everything east of the San Andreas fault will eventually plunge into the Atlantic Ocean.
Everything flows. -- Heraclitus
Everything goes over your head. You should go to Jamaica and become a limbo dancer. -- Blackadder IV
Everything goes wrong at once.
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens, we have to keep going back and beginning again.
Everything has chains, absolutely nothing's changed. -- Pearl Jam
Everything has to be done at least twice before it works.
Everything he says is either wrong, trivial, or a product name. -- Andrew Lines
Everything he touches turns to gold. Everything I touch, they make me put back.
Everything I know I learned from my cat: When you're hungry, eat. When you're tired, nap in a sunbeam. When you go to the vet's, pee on your owner. -- Gary Smith
Everything I learned at IBM is worthless. -- laid-off engineer (quoted in the Los Angeles Times)
Everything I need to know, I learned in the lyrics of Heavy Metal Ballads.
Everything I tell you is true, but that's ACTUAL.
Everything in excess! To enjoy the flavor of life, take big bites. Moderation is for monks. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Everything in our favor was against us.
Everything in the world may be endured except continual prosperity. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Everything inside is eatable, I mean edible, I mean everything can be eaten. -- Willy Wonka
Everything is an object; every object has a declarative UI; every object is secure, authenticated, virtualizable, sharable, archivable, and alive. -- Rohit Khare
Everything is Beta. I'm Gamma, You're Gamma. -- Rohit Khare contemplates cool book titles
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Everything is deeply intertwingled. -- Ted Nelson
Everything is proceeding to plan. Lee and Dave are in the mini-sub preparing to take out the Thames Flood Barrier at full tide. I am in Mountain View, hurrying around MAE-WEST with a fast-depleting knapsack of Semtex hanging jauntily from my shoulder. Across the world, Y2K consultants are beginning to feel the effects of the powerful time-release hallucinogen we secreted onto the pages of "COBOL for Dummies" back in 1997. These last few days have left little time for love, laughter or editorial conferences, so we hope you'll make do with this seasonal quiz based on the last years' events. We hope it will take your mind off the the sounds of the angry peasant mobs milling outside your offices. Answers next week: first correct entry after midnight gets two week's supply of Evian and six vials of the emergency vaccine. In Year Zero, suckers! -- Danny O'Brien (Need To Know News)
Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done. One could write a history of science in reverse by assembling the solemn pronouncements of highest authority about what could not be done and could never happen. -- Robert A. Heinlein (Between Planets)
Everything is true. Even false things.
Everything must degenerate into work if anything is to happen. -- Peter Drucker
Everything now seems to be under federal control except the national debt and the budget. -- Bob Goddard
Everything possible to be believed is an image of the truth. -- Orson Scott Card (Seventh Son)
Everything put together, falls apart, sooner or later.
Everything right is wrong again, just like in the long long tray. -- They Might Be Giants
Everything right is wrong again. -- They Might be Giants
Everything seems cut and dry, day and night, earth and sky. Somehow I just don't believe it. -- Soul Asylum
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not more so. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Everything should be real-time, OO and distributed. Well, almost everything. -- Roman Ginis
Everything should be transparent to the user.
Everything takes longer than you think it will.
Everything that I say to you is a lie.
Everything that is not mandatory is forbidden.
Everything that Midas touched turned to gold, the lucky fellow. Every single thing I touch turns to raspberry jello.
Everything worthwhile is mandatory, prohibited, or taxed.
Everything you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything you know is wrong.
Everything you see I owe to spaghetti. -- Sophia Loren
Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less obvious as you begin to study the universe. For example, there are no solids in the universe. There's not even a suggestion of a solid. There are no absolute continuums. There are no surfaces. There are no straight lines. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Everything's coming up roses.
Everything's going my way.
Everything's got a moral, if you can only find it. -- Lewis Carroll
Everything's zen? I don't think so. -- Bush
Everytime I look at the ball, I see my ex-wife. -- John Daly (explaining why he can hit a golf ball farther than anyone else on the pro tour)
everytime i see those "under construction" gifs with the guy and a shovel, i just know it's a pile of shit he's tossing around. -- Ethan Schartman
Everytime you meet a situation, though you think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it, you find that forever after you are freer than you were before. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Everywhere I look, nothing but redshifts, other homepages receding from me at the speed of light. -- Brian Upton
Everywhere I went, my cleavage followed. But I learned I am not my cleavage. -- Carole Mallory
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. -- Steven Wright
Everywhere you leak, the world hangs a bucket. -- Gallagher
Evian spelled backwards is naive. -- Reality Bites
Evidence refutes liberalism. -- Rush Limbaugh
Evil always triumphs over good, because good is STUPID! -- Spaceballs
Evil Grin #13 <<<<<GRIN>>>>>
Evolution has a lot of dinosaurs in its path. -- Carver Mead
Evolution is RELIGIOUS because it can't be proven
Evolution is the natural way to program. -- Tom Ray
Evolution sounds okay, but I'd rather keep my options open.
Evolution: life's a niche, and then you die.
Eww... No, he's waiting for marriage. Besides, I don't think he'd doink a Jew. That'd be dirty! -- Jenni Miller
Ewww, Lambchop. How OLD is that sock?! If I had a sock on my hand for 30 years, it'd be talking too. -- Friends
Ex post fucto. Lost in the mail.
Ex-teams are like ex-wives. Deep, deep down, you know you can't stand them. -- Charles Barkley
Exactly the same, only purple. -- Ed Matthews
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
Exam is a four-letter word for torture...
Examine what is said, not who speaks. -- Arabian Proverb
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It's the only thing. -- Albert Schweitzer
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -- Aristotle
Excellent day for drinking heavily. Spike office water cooler.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent day to strive for the distance record in watermelon seed spitting. Once you've got that, go for accuracy. You'll become a force to be reckoned with.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Excellent! Now I can precisely measure my penguin slippage! -- Dan Martinez
Except for the historical information contained herein, the statements in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Potential risks include anyone taking this April Fool's Joke seriously. -- Ric Ford (Macintouch)
Exceptions always outnumber rules.
Exceptions prove the rule... and wreck the budget.
Excess ain't rebellion; you're drinking what they're selling. -- Cake
Excess is bad in every way. -- Oleg Cassini
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit. -- William Somerset Maugham
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Excited, Spock opens a box full of pointy ear tips.
Exciting minority teens? How, by aiming gamma rays at them until the spontaneously ejected a photon? -- Rohit Khare
Excreto ergo sum.
Exculpate, v. tr.: 1. To clear of guilt or blame.
Excuse me for not knowing about El Salvador. Like I'm ever going to Spain anyway. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Excuse me officer, are those Bugle Boy Jeans you're wearing? -- Top 5
Excuse me while I dance a little jig of despair.
Excuse me while I sharpen my tongue.
Excuse me while I whip this out. -- Blazing Saddles
Excuse me, but 'proactive' and 'paradigm'... aren't these just buzzwords that dumb people use to sound important? Not that I'm accusing you of anything like that. -- the Simpsons
Excuse me, but can anyone tell me what's going on here?
Excuse me, but I think I will have to scream now.
Excuse me, but there's something about the thickness of your neck and the broadness of your shoulders that makes me think you'd be an agile hunter and provide well for our children. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
Excuse me, but, didn't we go to different schools together?
Excuse me, do we have a raver in here? What the fuck is up with that shit? -- DJ Mohawk Adam
Excuse me, do you mind if I squish in here? -- Odo
Excuse me, I have an announcement. That Safeway over there... They are officially... fuckers. -- Andrew Crown
Excuse me, I'd like to ass you a few questions. Afraid I'll make a stink? -- Ace Ventura
excuse me, i'll just be over here reading the student employment book of mormon. -- Tosh Meston
Excuse me, I'm due back on Earth. -- Woody Allen
Excuse me, while I kiss the sky... -- Jimi Hendrix
Excuse me. AFU is a newsgroup. A fact is something completely different. -- Gregory Franklin
Excuse me. Do you wanna f**k or should I apologize? (Pick up line)
Excuse me. I've lost my marbles. -- Penguin Opus
Excuse me. I've lost my youthful idealism. And what about my sense of optimism? Lately I've lost that too. -- Milo Bloom
Excuse me? Rude or anything? Nice ensemble. What a homeless. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Excuses are the leaning posts of fools.
Execution is not about strategy, it's about going and getting things done. This is why you don't see firing squads hiring management consultants and performing strategic vision evaluations and going bankrupt and blaming Microsoft. Firing squads know exactly what to do about Steve Ballmer. -- Faisal Jawdat
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Executive Suite, n.: A sugar daddy.
executive summary: fuckers. all of 'em.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Exercise your First and Second Amendment Rights at the same time... Shoot the book burners!
Exhale, and get a grip on reality. -- Reality Bites
Exhibitionist, n.: A person who discards three aces in strip poker.
Existence is not only temporary, it's pointless! -- Calvin
Existentialism was created so starving poets could sit around in coffee shops twirling their goatees, drinking espresso, and smoking cigarettes while discussing how despair is sexually appealing, which it isn't.
Exited Mann Chinese at _exactly_ 4:19 AM. Return trip is ~17 minutes. -- Rohit Khare
Exotic Dancer, n.: A girl who brings home the bacon a strip at a time.
Expansion means complexity, and complexity decays.
Expansion slots, n. pl.: The extra holes in your belt buckle.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are a good person is a little like expecting the bull not to attack you because you are a vegetarian. -- Dennis Wholey
Experience is a dear teacher, but fools will learn at no other.
Experience is a good teacher but her fees are high
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills. -- Minna Antrim (Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions)
Experience is a hard teacher. She tests first and teaches afterward.
Experience is a wonderful thing - it enables you to recognize a mistake every time you repeat it.
Experience is directly proportional to computer time wasted.
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. -- Olivier
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -- F.P. Jones
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Experience is the name that everyone gives to their mistakes. -- Oscar Wilde
Experience is the only teacher that gives the test before giving the lesson.
Experience is the worst teacher. It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Experience teaches that a strong memory is generally joined to a weak judgment. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play. -- Immanual Kant (1724-1804)
Experience, n.: The name given by men to their mistakes.
Experience: The name that men give to their mistakes.
Experience: What you get when you don't get what you want
Experiments should be reproducible - they should all fail in the same way. -- Finagle (Fifth Rule)
Experiments should be reproducible. They should all fail in the same way.
Experiments should be reproducible: they should all fail in the same way.
Expert, n.: From EX (a has-been) and SPERT (drip under pressure).
Explain the difficulties in identifying the source of individual free will in light of the deterministic theories of neurochemical medicine and modern behavioralist psychology. Just kidding!! Seriously, do you like leather mini-skirts? -- Top 5
Explain to me again why I need a man.
Explaining the unknown by means of the unobservable is always a perilous business.
Exploding piglets!!! My God, it's raining bacon!
Express an opinion, but send advice by freight.
Express Lane: Five beers or less. -- Ed Debevic's (sign over one of the urinals, Phoenix, Arizona)
Expressions of exasperation are not arguments.
External Security:
External Storage, n.: Wastebasket.
Extra cash today, generic box shifter tomorrow, rotting corpse the day after. -- Robert Harley
Extra pickles. A warrior's condiment -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
Extreme good-naturedness borders on weakness of character. Avoid it.
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice. -- Barry Goldwater (1964)
eYe aM kn0wn t0 uTher 16 yeaR 0ldz aZ thEE eMUl8r -- Brad Barkett
Eyedentify, v.: To recognize by sight.
Eyeing little girls with bad intent, heh.
f opinion that makes horse races.
F U cn rd dis U mst uz Unix. -- Tim Roberts
F u cn rd ths u cnt spl wrth a dm
f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.
F*** it, or fight it; it's all the same. -- Sublime
Face definitely matters. When I'm objectifying men, that is. -- Megan Coughlin
Face it: it takes thinking and real effort to redesign and build something over from scratch. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Fact is solidified opinion.
Fact without theory is trivia. Theory without fact is bullshit.
FACT: The web sucks and it does NOT SCALE WELL. This should be obvious to, well, everyone in the universe. Even the dumb parts of the universe. -- Robert Rodgers
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
Facts are stupid things. -- President Ronald Reagan (A blooper from his speech at the '88 GOP convention)
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Facts do not cease to exist simply because they are ignored.
Fad, n.: In one era and out the other.
Fade to black.
FAHNESTOCK'S RULE: If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Fahrvergnookie, n.: Sex in a Volkswagen.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Failure is not the falling down, but the staying down. -- Mary Pickford
Failure is the path of least persistence.
Failure or success seems to have been allotted to men by their stars. But they retain the power of wriggling, of fighting with their star or against it, and in the whole universe the only interesting movement is this wriggle. -- E.M. Forster
Failure teaches success.
Failure to complete any task within the allocated time and budget proves that the task was more difficult than expected and requires promotion for those in charge.
Failure to have fun will not be tolerated. -- ISO 9000 standard for fun on the job
Failure: When your best just isn't good enough. -- www.despair.com
Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
Fairy Tale, n.: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Fairy tales: horror stories for children to get them use to reality.
Faisal, I am at this moment checking your quote file. Don't disappoint. -- Mike Wallace
faisal, you're sounding incredibly like vijay. stop it. -- Kate Cronin
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Faith is an ocean you can walk on. -- Dime Store Prophets
Faith is good, but skepticism is better. -- Guissepe Verdi
Faith is much better than belief. Belief is when someone ELSE does the thinking. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see. -- Martin Luther
Faith is the quality that enables us to believe what we know to be untrue.
Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. -- Hebrews
Faith isn't faith until it's all you're holding onto.
Fall into yourself... Fall as in a dream. Love can last forever, though impossible it seems. -- Pearl Jam
Falling in Love is a trick our genes pull on our otherwise perceptive mind to hoodwink us into marriage. -- M. Scott Peck (The Road Less Travelled)
Falling in love is like an avalanche where you have to run for your life. -- John (age 9)
Falling in love is like catching knives. In time, you can learn to do it without hurting yourself every time. It's still a dangerous proposition, though. -- nelson@crynwr.com (10/13/96)
Falls don't kill people. It's the deceleration trauma.
False eyelashes (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
False Pregnancy, n.: Laboring under a misconception.
Fame creates its own standards. A guy who twitches his lips is just another guy with a lip twitch... unless he's Humphrey Bogart. -- Sammy Davis, Jr.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion. -- Mark Twain
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Familiarity breeds children.
Familiarity breeds contempt. And children. -- Mark Twain
Familiarity breeds.
Family and friends will always be here, this week's episode of Melrose won't. -- John Dobbin
Famous last words: Aaaahhhhhhhhh. -- Icarus
Famous last words: Burp. -- Lion at the Circus of Rome
Famous last words: Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something. -- Pancho Villa
Famous last words: Don't worry, I can handle it.
Famous last words: Father, beam me up. -- Jesus Christ
Famous last words: Goodbye. I am leaving because I am bored. -- George Saundars
Famous last words: Hey Bubba, watch this! -- a redneck
Famous last words: Let's do it. -- convicted murderer Gary Gilmore before being executed
Famous last words: You and what army?
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -- Santayana
Fanatics have their dreams, wherewith they weave a paradise for a sect. -- Keats
Fancy gizmos don't work.
Fans are interesting things. Rush fans just can't comprehend why the rest of the world doesn't like Rush. REM fans consider the rest of the world beneath their social level to notice. Kate Bush fans love the rest of the world, and the world loves them, but spend long nights plotting to knife one another. -- Richard Darwin
Fans don't boo "nobodies".
Fans don't boo ``nobodies''.
Fans think they want to see more than the 10 to 20 seconds of Itchy and Scratchy that we put on the show, but my feeling is less is more. Once you've skinned and flayed a cat, ripped his head off, made him drink acid and tied his tongue to the moon, there really isn't that much to say. -- Matt Groening (1993)
Fantasy isn't our crutch. It's arcane.
Fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters; united with it, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of marvels. -- Goya
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Far better it is to dare to mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Far too many people idealize and idolize instead of loving. -- Adam Rifkin
FARMER'S CREDO: Sow your wild oats on Saturday night, then on Sunday pray for crop failure.
Farnsdick's Corollary to the fifth Corollary: After things have gone from bad to worse, the cycle will repeat itself.
Farquharson. from the ancient Thracian. it means: "to make a viscous mix of sheep bile, human blood, astroglide, and strawberry jam and pass out in said concoction after several hours of 'Bullingtoning' (*see also Bullingtoning)" -- Vince Farquharson
Fascinating. Spock figures out the Energizer Bunny.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable we have to change it every six months. -- Oscar Wilde
Fashion, n.: Something that goes in one year and out the other.
Fashionable: You know you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore something larger... like Wyoming! -- Roxanne
Fast ship? You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
Fast, fat computers breed slow, lazy programmers. -- Robert Hummel
Fasten your seat belt.
Faster cars, colder beer, younger women, more money!
Faster, faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.
Faster, pussycat, kill, kill! -- Russ Meyer
Fat person, n.: Nutritional Overachiever.
Fat Wars: May the Sauce Be With You.
Fat, drunk, and stupid is no way to go through life, son. -- Animal House
Fatal mouse error. (B)ury or (R)eplace?
Fate chooses our relatives, we choose our friends. -- Jacques Delille
Fate is coming, welcome it with a smile! -- Megadeth
Fate keeps on happening. -- Anita Loos
Father: "Son, if you keep doing that, you'll go blind." Son: "Dad, I'm over here."
Fats Loves Madelyn
Fax me no questions, I'll Fax you no lies
FDR - a man stricken by polio, stuck in a wheelchair, fighting the Nazis all the while smoking 3 & 1/2 packs a day. "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself!" Yeah, and staircases, of course. And soccer and dancing. -- Denis Leary
Fear is a slinking cat I find beneath the lilacs of my mind. -- Sophie Tunnel
Fear is like the microwavable version of respect. It doesn't taste as good, but it's much easier to make. -- Jack Collins
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer Fear is the beginning of wisdom. -- Bertrand Russell
Fear is the Mind Killer. It is the little death that leads to total obliteration. -- Bene Gesserit Axiom
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. -- Yoda (The Phantom Menace)
Fear not to negotiate, but never negotiate out of fear. -- John F Kennedy
Fear of corrupting the mind of the younger generation is the loftiest form of cowardice. -- Holbrook Jackson
Fearlessly, the idiot faced the crowd, smiling. -- Pink Floyd
FEATURE n. A surprising property of a program. Occasionally documented. See BUG. A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.
Feature, n.: A surprising property of a computer program. A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.
Features should be discovered, not documented.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
Federal Express (FedEx) is going to merge with United Parcel Service (UPS). The new organization will be called FED-UP.
Fedex at 3-sat. (Fedex can't do n-saturation, though :) -- Rohit Khare
FedEx: when your packet absolutely, positively, has to get there THE NEXT DAY. -- Rob Earhart
Feed your faith and starve your doubts to death.
Feeding the animals is strictly prohibited. The management.
Feel disillusioned? I've got some great new illusions.
Feel free to change this as you see fit. Please do change it. I won't modify it again. -- Mani Chandy
Feel like I stepped in something, and now it's all over my shoe. -- Billy Joel
Feeling lucky, vampire scum? -- Denny's Graffiti
Feeling nothing is worse than feeling pain. -- Peter Searls (The Sun, July 1994)
Feeling without judgment is a washy draught indeed; but judgment untempered by feeling is too bitter and husky a morsel for human deglutition. -- Charlotte Bronte (Jane Eyre)
Feelings are everywhere. Be gentle. -- J. Masai
Feet Smell? Nose Run? Hey, you're upside down
Feet smell? Nose runs? Hey, you're upside down!
Feet smell? Nose runs? You're built upside down!
Fegguck yeggou! Eggeat sheggit, eggass hegghole! Yeggou fegguckegging sheggitheggead! All legal! -- Phil Hartman on egg Latin
FELDMAN'S AXIOM: When all else fails, read the instructions.
Felines... nothing more than felines...
Fellow alumni run thicker than water. -- David Farber
Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history. -- Abraham Lincoln
Female => Girl => Slimy... Proof: Assertion by lack of counterexample. Q.E.D. -- Sam Kass
Feminism is the theory, lesbianism the practice.
Feminism was established as to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream of society. -- Rush Limbaugh
Fencers know how to extend, thrust, and when to engage.
Fenfluramine (the part of fen-phen you're thinking of) is no mere SSRI. It's a serotonin releaser: it makes neurons ejaculate their serotonin in an insane orgy of exocytosis. -- David H. Eden
Fer sell cheep: IBM spel chekker. Wurks grate.
Ferguson's Precept: A crisis is when you can't say 'forget the whole thing'.
FERGUSON'S PRECEPT: A crisis is when you can't say let's forget the whole thing.
Ferguson's Precept: A crisis is when you can't say, "Let's forget the whole thing."
Fertility is hereditary. If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
FETT'S LAW OF THE LAB: Never replicate a successful experiment.
Fett's Law: Never replicate a successful experiment.
Few desires, happy life.
Few human beings are proof against the implied flattery of rapt attention. -- Jack Woodford
Few love to hear the sins they love to act. -- Wiliiam Shakespeare (Pericles)
Few of our ancestors were perfect ladies and gentlemen; the majority, in fact, weren't even mammals. -- Robert Anton Wilson
Few rich men own their own property. The property owns them. -- Robert G. Ingersoll
Few things are more dangerous than a hobbit with low blood sugar.
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself. But each can do some small act, and in the sum of these events will be written the history of our generation. -- Robert Kennedy (1965)
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Fewer things are harder to put up with that the annoyance of a good example.
Fiance is too close to the word finance.
Fiction can be fun, but I prefer the reference section. -- Ace Ventura
Fiction is much more universal than non-fiction or biography. This probably has to do with imagination, as well, but it's much easier for me to identify with fictional characters or situations because they're not talking about some specific event that happened to some specific person. So much nonfiction is written about exceptional people; I just don't have as much interest in identifying only with the exceptions. -- Megan Coughlin
Fiction was invented the day Jonas arrived home and told his wife that he was three days late because he had been swallowed by a whale. -- Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Fiddle: Friction of a horse's tail on a cat's entrails.
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Fido Fisher's Fortuitious Formulary: Be careful what you know... you might have to teach it one day.
Fiedler's Forecasting Rules: If the facts don't conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
Fifo, n.: A name of a dog.
Fifteen is my limit on Schnitzengruben! -- Blazing Saddles
Fifth Law of Applied Terror, Corollary: If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
Fifth Law of Applied Terror: If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Fifth Law of Procrastination: Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
Fight like a robot. Kill like a chicken. -- Deral Fenderson
Fight poverty the American way --- get a job.
Fighting for peace is like ****ing for virginity.
figlet; heard about it on the net...; get fonts from ftp.ics.edu, i think... -- John Klassa
Figure the worst thing that could happen if you say it (evicted and black-balled, forced to move-in with Rohit :). Figure the worst that could happen if you didn't say it (waste five years of your life, have Rohit come move in with you :). Choose. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Figures won't lie, but liars will figure.
File deletion is forever. Welcome to the future. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
File not found, but if you'll hum a few bars...
File Not Found. Loading something that looks similar.
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N) -- Mark Parker
File Not Found: (A)bort, (R)etry, (F)ake It?
Files not found: Delete user instead? (Y/y)?
Filking is Folksinging generally in a SciFi/Fantasy/SCA situation.
Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. -- A.R. Longworth
Fill your heart with goodness and there will be no place for evil. Fill the world with beauty, and there will be no room for darkness. Fill your moments with joy, and there will be no room for regret.
Films, after all, are like those grandparents in 'The Blue Bird' who remain dead in their graves until their children think of them and bring them back to life, at least for a while. -- William K. Everson
Final message from the Titanic: Crash due to icebug.
Finally get to meet that Rubik guy and tell him what you think of that @#*&%! cube. -- Top 5
Finally! Not only that, but tcsh(1) has replaced csh(1) and less(1) has replaced more(1). Woo-hoo! Yay for progress! -- Andrew Stellman
Finally, it hit me - if Oswald wasn't the killer, then everyone else needs an alibi!
finals are a heterosexist tool of the patriarchal establishment running this school, designed to weaken our ties to one another (by creating neurotic, high-strung women, lessening our time together, and promoting an unhealthy, false spirit of competition among each other), a divide and conquer method if you will, so that we can no longer unite in the face of rising tuition costs and increased program cuts. hey, i still haven't lost my touch! this is why i love my major--everything is a conspiracy to feed capitalism. it's like one big x-files, and i, my friend, am fox mulder in platforms. -- May Jawdat
Find bad web sites 8x faster. -- Motorola ISDN modem advertisement
Find me and turn thy back on heaven. -- Emerson
Find myself singing the same songs everyday, ones that make me feel good when things behind the smile ain't OK. -- Blind Melon
Find out just what any people will quietly submit to and you have the exact measure of the injustice and wrong which will be imposed on them. -- Frederick Douglass
Find something you want and go for it. Isn't that better than finding something you don't want and running away from it? -- John Dobbin
Find tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything. -- Shakespeare (As You Like It)
Find your aim in life, before you run out of ammunition.
Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture on a rock. -- The New York Times (Januari 20, 1981)
Fine art and pizza delivery... what we do falls neatly in between! -- David Letterman
Fine day to throw a party. Throw him as far as you can.
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Fine words! - I wonder where you stole them. -- Jonathan Swift (1667-1745)
Fine, Fine...Have your Klingon servent get some chairs
Fine-grained decomposition of code as per the "objects all the way" philosophers actually *inhibits* code reuse by increasing interface surface area and dependencies. -- Jeff Bone
Finger lickin' good. Fur extra.
Fingering is a real hassle for me. -- John Dobbin
Fingerspitzengefuhl, german: A feeling in the tips of one's fingers, i.e., intuition.
Finite slack, I think. Just infinitely lazy... -- Rajit Manohar
Finitude: Every living thing dies. Contingency: Randomness, chance and accident are always waiting in the wings. Transcience: Everything passes. -- David Tracy
FINMAN'S PRINCIPLE: The one you want is never the one on sale.
Fire at Will >ZAP< THANK you Data...I mean, 'Number One'
Fire Elementals do it with spark.
Fire walk with me.
Fire! Fire! Fire! -- Beavis
Firmness of delivery dates is inversely proportional to tightness of schedule.
First and foremost, the stupid people need to shut up and let the more intelligent folks speak. -- Pankaj Chowdhry
First Corollary of Taber's Second Law: Machines that piss people off get murdered. -- Pat Taber
First draw the curves, then plot the data.
First he regifted, the he degifted, and now he's using a downtown invite to get a Superbowl sex romp. -- Seinfeld
First Hillary, then Gennifer, and now us.
First I'm gonna use you as a human shield, then I'm going to throw those tools at that guard, and then I'm gonna break your neck. -- True Lies
First Law of Advice: The correct advice is to give the advice that is desired.
FIRST LAW OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMING: The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
FIRST LAW OF DEBATE: Never argue with a fool - people might not know the difference.
First Law of Laboratory Work: Hot glass looks exactly the same as cold glass.
First Law of Political Campaigns: If there are twelve cNatural Low:ns in a ring, you can jump in the middle and start reciting Shakespeare, but to the audience, you'll just be the thirteenth clown. -- Adam Walinsky
First Law of Repair: You can't fix it if it ain't broke.
First Law of Socio-Genetics: Celibacy isn't hereditary.
FIRST LAW OF TRAVEL: It always takes longer to get there than to get back.
FIRST POSTULATE OF ISO-MURPHISM: Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
First prize is dinner with Rohit, second prize is traveling around the world with him? -- Ernie Prabhakar
First Rule of Bicycling: You are always going uphill and against the wind.
First Rule of History: History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.
First Rule of Intelligent Tinkering: Save all the parts.
First Rule of Skeptical Inquiry: Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof.
First Rule of Superior Inferiority: Don't let your superiors know you're better than they are!
FIRST RULE OF SUPERIOR INFERIORITY: Don't let your superiors know you're superior to them.
First Shalt thou pull out the Holy Pin
First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win. -- Gandhi
First they raise a lot of dust, and then they complain that they can't see.
First thing you do is shoot all the lawyers. -- Other People's Money
First thing you learn: you gotta make it in this world alone. -- Rancid
First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull your zipper down. -- Leo Rosenberg
First you see the tree in the painting then you see the painting in the tree. -- Japanese saying
First you want to kill me. Now you want to kiss me. Blow. -- Army of Darkness
First, director Oliver Stone forces three hours of Jack down our throats in the form of his JFK assassination theories. With his most recent effort, we all have to swallow three hours of Dick... Dick Nixon that is. -- Mr. Cranky
First, God created Man. Then He rested. Then, God created Woman, and nobody's rested since.
First, I suspected a bug in printf, then in the data storage types, then in the loop optimization. As usual, though, it was a bug in the documentation. -- Rohit Khare
First, there was nothing. Then it exploded.
First, we'll look at a level-sensitive approach, and we'll see why that fails. Then we'll look at something people actually built, and we'll see why that fails as well. Way off at the other extreme is Ethernet. Ethernet is pretty cool -- it actually works. -- Ron Bianchini
First: Rape and Pillage, THEN burn... -- Doug DeJulio
Firstly, there's no such person as Death. Second, Death's this tall guy with a bone face, like a skeletal monk, with a scythe and an hourglass and a big white horse and a penchant for playing chess with Scandanavians. Third, he doesn't exist either. -- Sexton Furnival (Death: The High Cost of Living)
Fish and visitors stink in three days.
Fish must be brain food, because they travel in schools.
Fish must get awfully tired of sea food. -- Dudley Moore (Arthur)
Fishing is a jerk on one end of the line waiting for a jerk at the other.
Fishing is the chance to wash one's soul with pure air. -- Herbert Hoover
Fishing will do a lot for a man but it won't make him truthful.
FISKE'S TEENAGE COROLLARY: The stomach expands to accommodate the amount of junk food available.
Fitzgerald: The rich are different from us. Hemingway: Yes, they have more money.
Five bucks says if I dropped another million in Ralph's and Uma's bank accounts I could get them to beat the crap out of some Lupus orphans. -- Mr. Cranky
Five days is not too long to wait for a gun. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity. -- Robert Firth
Five months of torturous pain is a long time, Diablo. Five months of nothing but pondering revenge against you and your friend Twix. That, and reading 'Newsweek.' And sampling different varieties of Ben 'N' Jerry's wonderful ice cream flavors. And of course the occassional game of Yahtzee, but as we all know, my sentient pea-plant henchmen aren't very good game players, so there was little challenge there. They often ate the dice. But mostly, I pondered revenge. Revenge and monkeys. Monkeys are funny. -- Mendel (Goats)
Five out of four people in the world have trouble understanding fractions.
Five percent of the people think; 10 percent of the people think they think; and the other 85 percent would rather die than think. -- Thomas A. Edison
Five second fuses only last three seconds.
Fixed Word Length, n.: Four letter word used by programmers in a state of confusion
FLAME v. To speak incessantly and/or rabidly on some relatively uninteresting subject or with a patently ridiculous attitude. FLAME ON: v. To continue to flame. See RAVE.
Flame walks in to the Sabbat's meeting place and is immediately blasted with enough lead to drop a tank. He seems to enjoy that kind of thing. -- Chris Esko
Flaming nuclear death to Smurfs!
Flappity, floppity, flip, the mouse on the mobius strip; the strip revolved, the mouse dissolved, in a chronodimensional skip.
FLASH! Intelligence of mankind decreasing. Details at... uh, when the little hand is on the....
Flashbacks are a thing of the past. -- Buddy Fielder (City of Angels)
Flashlight, n.: A case for holding dead batteries.
Flatterers always live at the expense of the one who listens.
Flattery is all right, if you don't inhale. -- Adlai Stevenson
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed. -- Josh Billings
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Flea market item and the ultimate oxymoron: The 1960s Elly May Clampett fashion dool, $80.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Flies in the vaseline, we are. Keep getting stuck here all the time. -- Stone Temple Pilots
Flinging her abusive husband's genitalia out the car window, Lorena felt a long overdue sense of freedom. -- Top 5
Flirt, n.: A woman who thinks it's every man for herself.
Floating point arithmetic is not associative. -- Berna Massingill
Flon's Law: There is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is the least bit difficult to write bad programs.
Floppy disk, n.: Lower back trouble.
FLORIDA: The Gunshine State.
Florists are just petal pushers.
Flow, flow, flow, the current of life is ever onward. -- Kobodaishi
Flowcharts, n. pl.: Maps used by river boat pilots
Flucard's Corollary: Anything dropped in the bathroom falls in the toilet.
FLUGG'S LAW: When you need to knock on wood is when you realize the world's composed of aluminum and vinyl.
Flumps do it upside down.
flush twice. it's a long way to redmond. -- Jon Slenk
Flush twice. It's a long way to the cafeteria.
FLUSSSSSH! Whee! Ha Ha Ha. Mom, I'm done with my bath now. -- Calvin
Fly By Nighters often hit tall buildings.
Fly low, stay cool, and go with the flow. -- Arthur F. Ross
Fly, little birdie! Be free! -- Robin Williams
Flying is the art of throwing yourself at the ground... and missing
Flying is the second greatest experience known to man. Landing is the first.
Flying saucers are real, the Air Force doesn't exist.
Fodder Muckers is a great band name. -- Adam Rifkin and John Dobbin
Fold, mutilate, and spindle THIS.
Folks didn't need background checks, scantron questionnaires, and recorded greetings when the process was mediated by relatives who actually *knew* (and vouched for) the would-be lovers. -- Ari Rapkin
Follow the dreamer, the fool, and the sage, back to the days of The Innocent Age. -- Dan Fogelberg
Follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it.
Follow the money. When somebody says, "It's not the money," it's always the money. -- Rush Limbaugh
Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before. -- Joseph Campbell
Follow-ups to alt.nobody.really.cares
FOO 1. [from the Yiddish 'feh' or Anglo-Saxon 'fooey'] interj. Term of disgust. 2. Name used for temporary programs, or as arbitrary names.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing. -- Walt Kelly
Food for thought! Thought from food! -- Dinosaurs
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Food is not the boss in my life. I am stronger than the temptation of any food. -- Richard Simmons
Food will be scarce; you will have to scavenge. Learn to recognize foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes, shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me, fool me thrice and I'll kick your ass.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, prepare for doom. -- Klingon proverb
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, prepare to die. -- Klingon Proverb
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Foolproof operation, n.: All parameters are hard coded.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. -- Alexander Pope
Fools rush in where Fools have been before!
Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
Fools rush in wherever lottery tickets are sold.
Fools wander. Wise men travel.
Football combines the worst elements of America: Mass violence punctuated by committee meetings.
Football Game, n.: A sport where a spectator takes four quarters to finish a fifth.
Football is a mistake. It combines two of the worst things about American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings. -- George Will
Football is like life: it requires perserverence, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority. -- Vince Lombardi
Football players have oval balls.
Football practice! -- Shocker
Football's a funny game.
Football's a game of 90 minutes.
For $2, I'll tell you what the word gullible means.
For a good prime call: 2^756839 - 1
For a good prime call: 391581 * 2^216193 - 1
For a good time, call (408) 555-1212.
For a good time, call 8367-3100.
For a great university one must provide football for the alumni, sex for the undergraduates and parking for the faculty. -- Kerr's Rules for a Successful College
For a kidnapping victim, you look pretty good. Where'd you get the diamonds? -- Melrose Place
For a list of al the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life, please press 3. -- Alice Kahn
For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life, please press 3. -- Alice Kahn
For a minute there, room-service took on a whole new meaning. -- Crocodile Dundee
For a moment Gloria felt her diving bell keel to one side: her mother had managed to score a direct hit despite eighteen years of careful preparation. Was there no justice in the world? No. She thought about an article she had once seen on mind control. Apparently if there was a person fiendish enough to set about interfering with your life, the only thing you could do was to concentrate hard on someone they were unlikely ever to have heard of called Martin Amis. The particular blankness of this image was guaranteed to protect from any subtle force, but Gloria realised with a sinking heart that it was too late now. -- Jeanette Winterson (Boating for Beginners)
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. -- Richard Feynman
For a Twilight Zone sort of treat, checkout Celebration Florida. It's an actual city constructed by the Disney folks. It has this eerie Stepford sort of feel to it, with just a hint of Logan's Run mixed in. It seems like it was some sort of experiment in happiness gone awry. It's a sort of forced perfection quality that's kind of hard to explain. -- Megan's friend Chuck
For adult education nothing beats children.
For adult education, nothing beats children.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
For another, you can hit people with it. This is one of the key qualities for a good web product, and the paper weight here really delivers. -- Faisal Jawdat
For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic avtivity or perception to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indisoensable: intoxication...sexual excitement...feasting, of contest, of the brave deed, of victory, extreme agitation, of cruelty, of destruction, of will. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
For as Hollywood spin-meisters attempt to colonize and exploit cyberspace for their own purposes, they are finding that the Web is a big, unruly place that resists the best efforts of studio control freaks who depend on carefully crafted buzz to launch their movies. "Buzz is no longer two people at a cocktail party," fumes Warner Bros. marketing chief Chris Pula. "Now anybody with a computer is a newspaper." -- Rex Weiner (Cybergeek Leaks Freak Pic Biz, Variety, 7/28/97)
For at the end of history lies the undiscovered country.
For best results, squeeze from the bottom of the tube.
For best results, wash in cold water separately, hang dry and iron with warm iron. For not so good results, drag behind car through puddles, blow-dry on roofrack. -- Laundry instructions on a shirt made by HEET
For better and worse, today's Internet is a vast, teeming commons on which buggy technological innovations, experimental business plans, fringe political movements and evanescent pop-culture trends are all emerging, converging and mutating. -- Salon
For centuries, people thought the moon was made of green cheese. Then the astronauts found that the moon is really a big hard rock. That's what happens to cheese when you leave it out.
For certain people after 50, litigation takes the place of sex. -- Gore Vidal
For courage mounteth with occasion.
For decades we always heard that if you gave a million monkeys typewriters and let them bang away on the keyboard that they would ultimately type the complete works of Shakespeare. The Internet has proved that this is not so.
For discussion only. Not to be relied upon.
For dog bite, put the dog away for several days. If he has not recovered, then kill it.
For economists, the real world is often a special case.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
For every bug fixed, there is a bigger bug not yet discovered.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong. -- H. L. Mencken
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill. -- R. Clopton
For every door of opportunity in life that closes, another five open. And if that doesn't help you find something to do you can always get a job as a door man! -- Tom Brophy
For every judge operating in an official capacity, there are 100 who are self-appointed.
For every man there is a woman, or a pay-per-view special.
For every person that believes there is an easy way out, there are a hundred and one persons waiting to stop him. -- Mephisto
For every PhD there is an equal but opposite PhD.
For every romance that begins with a Mickey Rourke type slamming a Kim Basinger type up against an alley wall in the rain, there are a thousand, I suppose, that begin when your cat throws up a fur ball in the lap of the woman you're trying to impress. -- Roger Ebert
For every ten jokes, thou hast got a hundred enemies. -- Laurence Sterne (1713-1768)
For every upside-down A, there exists a backwards E.
For every vision there is an equal and opposite revision.
For every year the class of 1994 has been on campus, the Bills have lost the SuperBowl.
For fainting, rub the person's chest, or if a lady, rub her arm above the hand instead.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread. -- Alexander Pope
For fractures, to see if the limb is broken, wiggle it gently back and forth.
For gas sales after hours, first, honk horn once! Then keep your shirt on while I get my pants on. (No sales less than 5 gallons).
For having lived long, I have experienced many instances of being obliged by better information or fuller consideration to change opinions. -- Ben Franklin
For he who builds his casbah out of halvah, beware the nibblers.
For health care, consider immediate access, limited costs, and high-tech medicine. Choose two.
For heavens sake, people, it's JUST a television show! -- William Shatner
For here we are not afraid to follow the truth wherever it may lead, nor to tolerate any error so long as reason is left free to combat it. -- Thomas Jefferson
For him that steals, or borrows and returns not, a book from its owner, let it change into a serpent in his hand and rend him. Let him be struck with palsy, and all his members blasted. Let him languish in pain, crying aloud for mercy, and let there be no surcease to his agony till he sing in dissolution. Let bookworms gnaw at his entrails in token of the Worm that dieth not. And when at last he goes to his final punishment, let the flames of Hell consume him forever. -- inscribed in the library of the monastery of San Pedro (in Barcelona)
For I am a Bear of Very Little Brain and long words Bother me. -- Pooh
For I have known them all already, known them all - have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons, I have measured out my life with coffee spoons. -- T.S. Eliot (The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock)
For in much wisdom is much grief, and he who increases in knowledge increases sorrow. -- Ecclesiastes 1:18
for instance, i was born and raised in the U.S.A., but i was raised by feral wolves, and i didn't learn to speak english until i was captured by behavioral scientists when i was twelve. the electroshock therapy is among my fondest childhood memories. -- Andrew Stellman
For it is the doom of men that they forget. -- Merlin
For it is written that in the beginning there was the /dev/null, and then the lord spake the word, and lo, the word was EMACS.
For lack of anything constructive to say, I will attempt to better mankind with the following advice: Ha ha hee hee.
For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: Why not add a slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness. -- Jack Handey
For maybe a hundred thousand years or more, grownups have been waving tangles of string in their children's faces.... No wonder kids grow up crazy. A cat's cradle is nothing but a bunch of X's between somebody's hands, and little kids look and look at all those X's.... No damn cat, and no damn cradle. -- Newt (Cat's Cradle)
For me, it was a combination of the people and the fact that it was the only place open late at night (okay, I didn't like the atmosphere at the Polo Club, and Frank's Truck Stop, aka: Trank's, was only okay on rare occasions). We watched the Gulf War from Second Street. -- Megan Coughlin
For me, sick is the only way to go. -- George (on Seinfeld)
For most folks, no news is good news; for the press, good news is not news. -- Gloria Borger (USNaWR 6/5/95)
For most of history, Anonymous was a woman. -- Virginia Woolf
For murder, though it have no tongue, will speak with most miraculous organ. -- William Shakespeare (Hamlet II.ii)
For my money, it's the nooner. The thought that everyone in your life has prepared you to be responsible and to get out there and work all day, and there you are... not! And may I add, to the nth degree! -- Seinfeld
For NASA, space is still a high priority. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
For nosebleed, put the nose much lower than the body.
for nothing in this world can you trust....not man, not woman, not beast.... _this_ you can trust. -- Conan the Barbarian on his sword
For of those to whom much is given, much is required. -- Acts
For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For people who live their lives in classical music the Three Tenors is a kind of benign tumor: unsightly but not life threatening. -- Bernard Holland (NYT 7/22/96)
For people who no longer need the magazine. -- ad for Penthouse brand condoms
For reasons I'd rather not javelin. -- John Dobbin
For sale: an antique desk suitable for lady with thick legs and large drawers.
For Sale: Eight puppies from a German Shepperd and an Alaskan Hussy.
For sale: Iraqi rifle. Never fired. Dropped once.
For Sale: Man's suit, perfect fit.
FOR SALE: Nuclear weapons, excellent condition. Designed by Germans, built by Americans, tested by Japaneese.
For security reasons, the mailing list, all archives, the computers it is maintained on, and the members who post to it, have been shredded. -- Faisal Jawdat
For some people, the passion is getting somewhere. For others, the passion is enjoying the journey. I know both kinds of people, and they're both a lot of fun (at least up to a point). The ones who are boring are those with no passion, or a very small one (e.g., making lots of money). "What profiteth those who gain the whole world yet loses their soul?" -- Ernest Prabhakar
For some perverse reason that's better left to the imagination, X insists on calling the program running on the remote machine the client. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
For some reason, a lot of Hollywood big shots are curious to see how they'd be drawn with bulging eyes and no chin. -- Matt Groening
For some reason, I've known that I'd never be psychic.
For some reason, immigrants always think that they have to join an onion before they're allowed to work. -- Chris Gahan
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
For some reason, this sentence reminds everyone of Adam Rifkin.
For some reason, Web service seems to attract incompetent system administrators and antique, unloved hardware. Here at MIT, for example, we actually do have some modern computers. They're in the new $70 million biology building. In the computer science building, we like to say "I haven't seen anyone using that SPARC 2 since 1988, let's make it the Web server for 100 creative programmers." Then we're surprised when the machine dies at 1/600th of the www.netscape.com traffic. Anyway, as you might expect, a substantial percentage of the links on the Web go dead (look at the entries in Yahoo). -- Philip Greenspun
For some women, shopping is a sex compensation, so the shop must seduce the customer. -- Lady Dartmouth
For something that does not exist, the Internet Engineering Task Force has had quite an impact. -- Scott Bradner
For success today, look first to yourself.
For the cost of a burger and fries, every family can now join the Internet community, said Tim Oren, vice president and general manager of CompuServe's Internet Division. -- M2 Presswire 161095
For the egoist has so far the advantage over every other species of devotee, that his idol is ever present. -- Catherine Gore
For the female of the species is more deadly than the male. -- Rudyard Kipling
For the first time anywhere, handguns will face the same common sense consumer safety standards as baby rattles, bicycles and teddy bears. -- Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger (on Massachusetts becoming the first state in the U.S. to issue consumer protection regulations for handguns ["the regulations require all handguns sold within the state to include child-proofing features, tamper-proof serial numbers and detailed consumer)
For the humor impaired, insert a :-) after every three words.
For the last five years we have been in a new industrial era in this country. We are making progess industrially and economically not by leaps and bounds, but on a perfectly heroic scale. -- Forbes magazine (June 1929)
For the LAST TIME, I am not the ruler of the underworld. I told Satan and Ba'alzebub that, and I don't have time to keep telling it to penny ante fallen angels. Now stop bothering me and go back to hell or where ever you came from. -- Mark Lively
For the man sound in body and serene of mind, there is no such thing as bad weather. -- George Gissing
For the moon never beams without bringing the dreams of the beautiful Annabel Lee. -- Edgar Allen Poe
For the next time we want some of that fabu 'za... -- Mack Rhinelander
for the record, i had the same problem (zephyrd core dumps on startup. i'm on aix4.1.4/powerpc). of course i found the best solution to be deleting all the source and binaries, but i'd be interested to know how you fix it if you do. -- John Jantos
For the sake of one rose, the gardener becomes the servant of a thousand swords.
For thee the wonder working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
For there is no sea, with out the dolphin -- Oppian
For those of you who happen to be brain-dead, do note that the "orgazmorator" is just the slightest bit of a rip-off of Woody Allen's "orgazmatron" from "Sleeper." In fact, write each word on a piece of paper, hold both pieces against each other in front of a light source, and you'll discover that they're *practically fucking identical*. -- Mr. Cranky
For those of you who think life is a joke, just think of the punchline.
For those who say I can't impose my morality on others, I say just watch me. -- Joseph Scheidler (Executive Director, Pro-Life Action League)
For thousands of dollars your name can go here.
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow, but phone calls taper off. -- Johnny Carson
For three strange days I had no obligations. My mind was a blur; I did not know what to do. I think I lost myself when I lost my motivation... -- School of Fish
For three things there is no remedy: Poverty associated with laziness, sickness coupled with old age, and enmity mixed with envy. -- Chinese Proverb
For visions come not to polluted eyes. -- Mary Howitt
For what doth it profit a man if he gains his freedom yet loseth his Heisman? -- Top 5
For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? -- Mark 8:36
For you speech to be immortal, it doesn't have to be eternal. -- Bess Truman to Harry
For your own safety, please stay behind the line I have drawn around my supply of chocolate.
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH.
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
Foreign Aid - taxing poor people in rich countries for the benefit of rich people in poor countries. -- Bernard Rosenberg
Foreign aid, n.: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
Foreign words and phrases are not apropos.
Forever, and forever, farewell, Cassius! If we do not meet again, why shall we smile: If not, why then this parting was well made. -- William Shakespeare
Forewarned is forarmed... but four arms do not great feets make.
Forget about world peace... visualize using your turn signal, buster!
Forget CKOne! The fragerance of the summer is WetGoth by Wet N Wild. WetGoth is specially designed to remind you of those rainy nights after a club, waiting for a cab. It's got the perfect hint of old grass and stale clove smoke to remind you of the special night when you had to sleep in on the lawn because your parents wouldn't let you inside. There is the barest hint of sweat from that last gig you went to to remind you of how you were crushed against the stage by a thousand other screaming fans, where no one else could hear your screams of pain. WetGoth! Remember, Wetgoth is the official fragerance of the 1936 Olympic games. -- Ken Nagle
Forget home. Behind the sternum and between the lungs: that's where the heart is. -- Bo Williams
Forget the badminton, stick with the math. No one ever sticks an algorithm up your butt. -- Kevin and Bean
Forget the computer! Where's my abacus?
Forget the Joneses... I can't keep up with the SIMPSONS!
Forget ZEN, I need to get LAID! -- Jon Slenk
Forget, for a moment, all the wild talk about the potential dangers of computers that want to party like it's 1900. Forget all the potential dangers of "security bugs," which might perhaps, maybe, hypothetically enable an ingenious teenager to steal your credit card number or your password to Hustler Online. We're ignoring a much bigger bug problem that's hiding, well, right under our noses. Call it the Y-Does-My-Computer-Crash-Three-Times-A-Day Problem. -- David Futrelle (Upside)
Forgetfulness, n.: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.
Forgive and forget. -- Cervantes
Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a permanent attitude. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
Forgiving comes from within. You had the power to go home all this time if you wanted to. -- Adam Rifkin
Forgiving is not forgetting; it's letting go of the hurt. -- Mary McLeod Bethune
FORK (Friends Of Rohit Khare) Consulting: "Stick a FORK in it; it's done!" -- Rohit Khare
FoRK Consulting: Come here and get bit.
FoRK Consulting: Life's a bit, and then it's not.
FoRK Consulting: Our bits cannot be bought.
FoRK Consulting: Stick a FoRK in it, it's done.
FoRK Consulting: We know bits better than you. So shut up.
FoRK Consulting: We've upped our standards, so up yours.
FoRK Consulting: When we want your opinion, we'll give it to you.
FoRK Consulting: You bring the quibbles, we'll bring the bits.
FoRK Consulting: You keep bringing them over, we'll keep putting them down.
FoRK Consulting: You think you got problems? Try FoRK!
FoRK is nothing more than high tech Pro Wrestling. And Pro Wrestling is an extrapolation of the society in which we live. -- Tim Byars
Format all 10? Only 3 fit in the slot
Format all 10? Only 3 fit in the slot.
Former Presidents Bush, Carter and Ford all announced support for Clinton's sending troops to Bosnia. Gee, it must be comforting to know that three guys who couldn't win reelection think you're doing the right thing.
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
Formula for success: Underpromise and overdeliver. -- Tom Peters
Fort Wayne is not the headquarters of F troop.
FORTRAN programmers do it with SOAP.
FORTRAN programmers just DO it.
FORTRAN, the infantile disorder: by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Fortunately for all concerned, the innocent children who listen to grandpa's stories never realize that they're getting the expurgated version.
Fortunately, ah keep mah feathahs numbah'd for just such an occasion. -- Foghorn Leghorn
Fortunately, the language adopted by DoD [ADA] has enough interesting features to make it approachable -- it's incredibly complex, includes methods for messing with the operating system and rearranging memory, and Edsgar Dijkstra doesn't like it. (Dijkstra, as I'm sure you know, was the author of "GoTos Considered Harmful" -- a landmark work in programming methodology, applauded by Pascal Programmers and Quiche Eaters alike.) Besides, the determined Real Programmer can write FORTRAN programs in any language. -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed. -- Ray Simard
Fortune and love befriend the bold. -- Ovid
Fortune cookies get broken before they do anything profound. So do a lot of people. -- Adam Rifkin and Samantha Crouse
Fortune favors the bold. -- Virgil
Fortune favors the lucky.
Fortune lies as much/ in the hand of the eater/ as in the cookie. -- Douglas Hofstadter
Fortune sides with him who dares. -- Virgil (Aeneid)
Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.
Fortune vomits on my eiderdown yet again.
fortune: cannot open /lib/games/fortunes
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age. -- Victor Hugo
Found this out today: a private garden is the only socially acceptable place to go hacking into the ground with a 9" butcher knife. ..that's right, i went gardening today.. planted african violets and lillies. i gotta do that more often; it was so relaxing and earthy that i nearly grew flowers out my ass.. -- Vince Farquharson
Four minus two is one and the same.
Four New York men died after ingesting a purported aphrodisiac. The product was apparently manufactured by a Spanish fly-by-night operation.
Four out of the five dentists I surveyed recommended root canals for patients.
Four people attack you with screwdrivers, you have a gun, they're supposed to die. That's not racism. That's Darwin. -- Chip Flatow
Four people were killed, one seriously, and eight more received slight injuries... -- Japan Times
Four-poster bed, 101 years old. Perfect for antique lover.
Four-word story of failure: Hired, tired, mired, fired.
Fragrance... is our strongest link to the past, our closest fellow traveler to the future. -- Tom Robbins
Frame is a good enough piece of software that there are actually rewards to taking an intelligent and formal approach to your problem. But if you want to be stupid, you can think of Frame as a version of Microsoft Word with most of the bugs taken out. -- Philip Greenspun
France has culture but no civilization. England has civilization but no culture. The United States has neither. Canada has both. -- Robin Mathews
France is a medium-sized foreign country situated in the continent of Europe. It is an important member of the world community, though not nearly as important as it thinks. It is bounded by Germany, Spain, Switzerland and some smaller nations of no particular consequence and with not very good shopping.
Frankie say `No more'. -- Frankie Goes to Hollywood
Frankly, I'm getting a little ticked off. -- Dink
Frankly, my dear Charlotte, I don't give a damn.
Frankly, sir, I'm a whirlygig of ebullience. -- Boston Common
Fraud(n): A telephone number starting with 1-900
Freaks are people too. -- John Dobbin on what he's learned from Jerry Springer
Freaky Boys never actually have sex with anybody. They just think about it then go to McDonald's and kill a lot of people. -- Tony Earley
Fred's Fifth Law: "Common sense" isn't.
Free advice costs nothing until you act upon it.
Free Clue for the Clueless: Usenet is not the real world. -- Andrew Solovay
Free every Monday through Friday: Knowledge. Bring your own container.
Free Nelson Mandela, while stocks last!
Free the Indianapolis 500.
Free to a good home, 4 year old black standard poodle. He has papers, three legs. Friendly. Answers to the name Lucky.
Freedom defined is freedom denied. -- The Illuminatus
Freedom is being able to do what you want without considering anyone but the police, boss, insurance company, state, federal, and city authorities, and the neighbors.
Freedom is having a choice of the chains in which you're bound.
Freedom is just chaos with better lighting. -- Alan Dean Foster
Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
Freedom is not a gift from the state, it's the space we hack out for ourselves in the face of the powermongers and their apologists in academia and the media, who have a seemingly genetic predisposition to try to take it away from us. -- Louis Rosetto
Freedom is not the right to do what we want. Freedom is the power to do what we ought.
Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -- Albert Camus
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY. IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH. BACKSPACE IS DELETE. -- Joshua Schachter
Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. War is peace.
Freedom is the right of all sentient beings.
Freedom is the right to be wrong, not the right to do wrong. -- John Diefenbaker
Freedom of religion is also freedom FROM religion. . .
Freedom of speech is the right to argue about issues you don't understand.
Freedom of speech is wonderful. It ranks right up there with freedom not to listen.
Freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom to use neither. -- Mark Twain
Freedom of the press belongs to those who own one. -- A. J. Liebling
Freedom of the press has to be regulated, you see. -- Lu Ping (director of China's Hong Kong and Macao office, explaining Bejing's plan to ban Hong Kong's press from advocating Taiwanese independence)
Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one. -- Liebling
Freedom without discipline breeds laziness and apathy. -- Adam Rifkin
Freedom's just another word for not caring about the quality of your work. -- Scott Adams
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose. -- Janis Joplin
Freeman's Commentary: Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
Freeman's Commentary: Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.
Freeman's Commentary: Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
French for dark bathroom: Jeanne d'Arc
Frequency of circumcision increased from once in a lifetime to once a year. -- Top 5
Fresco's Discovery: If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
Fresh potatoes do not have roots, branches, or dense, leafy undergrowth.
Freshman: Is proud of his A+ on Calculus I midterm. Senior: Is proud of not _quite_ failing his Complex Analysis midterm. Grad Student: Is content with mediocrity.
Freud is the father of psychoanalysis. It has no mother, by the way. -- Adam Curry
Freud said that the essence of the comic was the conservation of psychic energy. But then again Freud never played second house Friday night at the Glasgow Empire. -- Ken Dodd
Friction is a drag.
Friday the 13th! Well, I'm not suspicious. -- Thanh Boyer
Friend, n.: One who knows all about you and loves you just the same. -- Elbert Hubbard
Friend... good. -- Frankenstein's monster
Friendly fire - ISN'T !
Friends are Friends, regardless of their baud rate!
Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends don't let friends drive naked.
Friends don't let friends use UNIX.
Friends don't let friends use Windoze.
Friends don't let friends use XMODEM
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies.
Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. -- Kahlil Gibran
Friendship is one soul in two bodies.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value: rather it is one of those things that give value to survival. -- C.S. Lewis
Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity. -- Charles Caleb Colton
Frisbee players are ultimate lovers.
Frisbeetarianism, n.: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up the on roof and gets stuck.
Frisbeetarianism: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up the on roof and gets stuck.
From a hair blow-dryer instruction sheet: "Warning: Do Not Use While Sleeping."
From a Pop-Tart (TM) box: "Warning: Pastry Filling May Be Hot When Heated."
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs. -- Karl Marx
From Harper's index: at current rate of increase, all americans will be overweight by 2059. Isn't extrapolation fun? -- Robert Harley
From here on up, it's down hill all the way. -- David Farber
From Here to Maternity.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From man, it's invented. From God, it's discovered. -- Joel Franklin
From my brain, an organ with a mind of its own.
From my perspective (I'm graduating from Caltech next month), the violently creative have no future applying to graduate school, it seems... -- Rohit Khare
From now on, I'd like you to refer to women as "Internal-Americans." -- Megan Coughlin
From now on, I'll connect the dots my own way. -- Calvin
From stupidity there is always something to be learned, but it's always the same thing: don't be stupid. -- Robert M. Adams
From the attic came an unearthly howl. The whole scene had an eerie, surreal quality, like when you're on vacation in another city and "Jeopardy" comes on at 7 p.m. instead of 7:30. -- Roy Ashley
From the author who gave you 'Russia's OPERATIONAL space defense initiative'. Please note the similar key-caps problem in the two articles. CAFfeNe? wHAT CaffENe? My coFFEE is JUST finE.? -- Rob Brunskill on Robert E McElwaine
From the back to the middle and around again. -- Robert Harley
From the creative workshops of Soong, Inc.
From the Department of Redundancy Dept.
From the depths of our wallets, those Suck condoms silently mock us. -- Suck (making the point that technology hasn't improved anyone's social life)
From the mouths of babes... comes... something good.
From the recent weather reports, they've had some mild weather lately, which could mean that this weekend won't be terribly representative of winter weather.... Can I dither or what? -- Berna Massingill
From the sublime to the ridiculous is but a step. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain. -- Dune (Bene Gesserit proverb)
From the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and everything we have comes from a single attribute of man -- the function of his reasoning mind. -- Ayn Rand
From uucp Mon Dec 3 21:05:46 1979
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life. -- Arthur Ashe
From womb to tomb, you suffer. -- Rush Limbaugh
Frostbite Falls Minnesota, home of Watsa Matta U.
FROTHINGHAM'S COROLLARY: The mountain looks closer than it is.
Froud's Law: A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
Frozen pizza will never be any good and there's nothing science can do about it.
Fruit flies like a banana.
Fruit group. Sweet tarts. These are killer, buddy. So citrusy, you'll freak. -- Encino Man
Fruits or nuts? House or senate? -- Golden Years
Frust, sniglet: The small line of debris that refuses to be swept onto the dust pan and keeps backing a person across the room until he finally decides to give up and sweep it under the rug.
Frustration is not having anyone to blame but yourself. -- Bits & Pieces
FTR, it makes no difference with his illy mechanism. The cat is half-dead until opens the box. -- Rohit Khare
Fuck Capcom and their non-mechanical Whackamole. Whackamole is holy. How dare they change it. I'm going to blow up a burger king over this. -- Robert Rodgers
fuck fuck fuck. sigh. kill. whoa, maybe I should like do my work. -- Adam Rixey
fuck ice frisbee, it's all about BUTTSLEDDING -- Colleen McManus
Fuck technology, let's dance. -- Michael Bauer
Fuck the poor animals! If they deserved to not be eaten, God would have given them rifles!!! -- William Dodd
Fuck them, get addicted to us. -- Jose Calvo
Fuck you and the prepositional phrase you rode in on. -- John Jantos
Fuck you! Don't bring the facts into this! -- Robert Rodgers
Fuck, fuck, fuck. Pale Rider. Fuck Fuck Fuck. Pale Rider. I MUST SEE PALE RIDER. I WANT VIDEO ON DEMAND ! I WANT VIDEO ON DEMAND! I WANT IT NOW NOW NOW. Goddamn, I think they're putting caffeine in the water. -- Robert Rodgers
fuck. thats it. emotion, mindset, verb, action, everything. -- Chris Heiser
Fudd's First Law of Opposition: Push something hard enough it will fall over.
Fudd's First Law: If you push something hard enough, it will fall over.
Full Monty, n.: 1. naked, nude, 2. to go the Full Monty, vb. to take all one's clothes off, to go the whole way, to be totally naked.
Fulldeckism: An intellect rivaled by my garden tools.
Fulldeckism: Been short on oxygen one time too many.
Fulldeckism: Born ugly, built to last.
Fulldeckism: Brain permanently in power saving mode.
Fulldeckism: Can't find his ass with 2 hands, a periscope and a compass in a locked closet.
Fulldeckism: Considered a plant if he developed phototrophic motility.
Fulldeckism: Cranio-rectally inverted.
Fulldeckism: Suffers from Clue Deficit Disorder.
Fulldeckism: Swimming in the shallow end of the gene pool.
Fulldeckism: Teflon Brain. Nothing sticks.
Fulldeckism: The space between his ears powers vacuum pumps.
Fulldeckism: Unclear which of Newton's 3 laws of motion keeps his ears apart.
Fully Integrated, n.: See bussing.
Fun activity! Writing the alphabet... with your tongue... -- Robert Harley
Fun fact: the dutch word for "delicious" is pronounced "lacquer". Telling, isn't it? -- Jim Bay
Fun is a good thing but only when it spoils nothing better. -- George Santayana
Fun is Nuf spelled backwards. -- Adam Rifkin
Fun thing to do: Put Slinkies on an escalator.
Function reject.
Fundage... wease some older nugs with a mansion and a pool... soakin' up the rays... watchin' all the Jeop-ardy you can handle... -- Encino Man
Fundamentalists are to Christianity what paint-by-numbers is to art.
Fungus trellis (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Funk at a whole new level. The rhythm is the bass, and the bass is the treble. -- Warren G. and Nate Dogg
Funky... Unexpected... Introspective. -- Debbie Gibson newsletter DEBHEAD
Funny noises are not funny. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Funny road sign: CAUTION: FALLING DUCKS NEXT 2 MILES.
Funny road sign: SLOW CHILDREN AT PLAY.
Funny road sign: SLOW MEN AT WORK.
Funny you should mention that, I was a gynecologist once. (Pick up line)
Funny, only sensible people agree with me.
Furbling, sniglet: Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank even when you are the only person in line.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding. -- H. H. Williams
Furry four-legged male cheese lover seeking mate. -- David Letterman
Furthermore Word is virtually guaranteed to have at least one feature you can't live without which just isn't available in any other word processor. (Well, it's probably available in WordPerfect, but the difference is that in in Word it works.) -- Elliotte Harold
Furthermore, roughly 95% of the American public is consistently found to be scientifically illiterate by any rational standard. -- David Goodstein
FUTILITY LAW: No experiment is a complete failure - it can always serve as a negative example.
Futility: You'll always miss 100% of the shots you don't take, and, statistically speaking, 99% of the shots you do. -- www.despair.com
Future events such as these will affect you, in the future.
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
Futuristic, n.: It will only run on a next generation supercomputer.
Fuzzy Logic: For those that are tired of cold, hard facts.
Fuzzy project goals avoid the embarrassment of estimating the costs.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy was a PUNK ASS degenerate HACK, GOOSESTEPPING around in his NEON GREEN LACED DOC MARTINS, screaming WAGNERIAN OPERA with SLIM JIMS cramed in his NOSE. -- Paul Mazaitis
FYI: That's a picture of Steve Jobs on the wall and a picture of Bill Gates in flames. -- Aaron Dossett
G. Gordon Liddy, shut the **** up! -- Dennis Miller
G=Guns, PG=Plenty of Guns, PG-13=More than 12 guns...
Gak. I remember SUIF now, I think, and not fondly... -- Rohit Khare
Galbraith's Law of Human Nature: Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.
Galbraith's Law of Political Wisdom: Anyone who says he is not going to resign, four times, definitely will.
Galileo's head was on the block; the crime was looking up the truth. -- Indigo Girls
Gambling is right, they even say in the Bible it's right. Somewhere in the back. -- Homer Simpson
Gambling, n.: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
Gambling: A way of getting nothing for something.
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something. -- Wilson Mizner
Game over, man! -- Aliens
Garbage bag cinched at baby's waist = 10-day diaper. -- Top 5
Garbage bags do not make good parachutes.
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
GARDEN STATE is on the New Jersey license plate because the words TOXIC WASTDUMP DIRTBAG STATE won't fit.
Gardener: One who thinks that what goes down must come up.
Gardening tip: Weed it and reap.
Garfle, ni belquont; delberpho wifniel
Gargle twice daily - see if your neck leaks.
Gargling twice daily is a good way to see if your neck leaks.
Garish is not enough. -- Howard Rheingold
Garlic gum is not funny. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Garlic is to salad what insanity is to art.
Garrett, do you know why I've done this to you? Because you burned Mr. Poe's books without really reading them. You took other people's advice that they needed burning. Otherwise you'd have realized what I was going to do to you when we came down here a moment ago. Ignorance is fatal, Mr. Garrett. -- Stendahl, Ray Bradbury (Usher II)
Garrison Keillor says that all great humor has five elements: religion, money, family relationships, sex, and mystery. One 12-word joke contains all of these elements. "God," said the Banker's daughter, "I'm pregnant! I wonder who it was?"
Gas, grass, or ass -- ain't no free ride... -- bathroom graffito
Gastropods do it very slowly. But they don't need lubrication.
Gates' head on a platter. I'm not a cannibal, but I'm willing to learn. Put an apple in his mouth too, for the poetic angle. -- Greg Bolcer
Gattuso's Extension of Murphy's Law: Nothing is ever so bad that it can't get worse.
Gave his life for tourism. -- Steve Martin on King Tut
Gay friendly. No smoking. No drugs. No pets. No cooking meat (much). No cooking pets. Clean, quiet. No cooking clean quiet pets. Must recycle. -- Jose Calvo
Gazongas? I think he was saying he likes your cones. -- Encino Man
gcc's whole purpose in life is to be fast at the expense of that nice secure feeling cc gives you by being quiet. -- Shawn Knight
Gee Wiz, I didn't know DOS is that stupid
Gee, hopefully I'll be less drunk this time so I can remember what I did. -- Colin MacDonald
Gee, I forgot my penis, can't join in this conversation! -- Jenni Miller
Gee, I wonder what this key does.
Gee, I'll just give you a couple of plant genitals to pin on your lapel to show how much I like you. -- Professor Beildelman
Gee, I've never been mauled in stereo before.
Gee, O.J. and Al Cowlings would make a great tag team.
Gee, should I go with four or five crazy people loaded up with guns and explosives and gas to find a car which probably isn't there, or should I stay around here and fuck Janice? The choice seems pretty clear to me! -- unknown player in "Vacation From Reality"
Gee, you don't sweat much for a fat chick. (Pick up line)
Geek status symbol #104: Your three cats are named 'sed' 'grep' and 'awk'.
Geez if you believe in honkus.
Geez, I haven't seen a cast like this since 'Judgement at Neurenberg'. -- MST3K
Geez. Are there any interesting men *anywhere* that want an exclusive relationship with an intellectual equal? That aren't permanently hung up on an ex? That are in the area? With long hair? -- Fleur Dragan
Genderplex, sniglet: The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
Geneology: chasing your own tale.
General Failure reading drive A: Please remove your fist.
General flames go to alt.flame. Flaming the entire AOL community goes to alt.aol-sucks. -- From the alt.sex.stories FAQ
General notions are generally wrong. -- Lady Mary Wortley Montagu
Generation X is dead. It has come to mean anyone aged 13 to 55 years old. -- William Gibson (1995)
Generation X-travagant. Generation WHY?
Generations: America from 1584 to 2069. -- Strauss and Howe
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Genetic engineering is like legos, only with really small blocks. -- Dmitri Schoeman
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Genitalia is not an Italian airline.
Genitals prefer blondes.
Genius does what it must. Talent does what it can. -- Emerson
Genius hath electric power which earth can never tame. -- Lydia M. Child
Genius is 1% inspiration, and 99% perspiration.
Genius is an African that dreams of snow. -- Vladimir Nabokov
Genius is another word for magic, and the whole point of magic is that it is inexplicable. -- Margot Fonteyn
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -- Thomas Alva Edison
Genius is pain. -- John Lennon
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out. -- Marguerite Blessington
Genius is the talent of a man who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity isn't as handicapped.
Genius not only diagnoses the situation but supplies the answers. -- Robert Graves
Genius without education is like silver in the mine. -- Ben Franklin
Genius, n.: A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with BRIGHT.
Genius, n.: A nudist with a memory for faces.
Gentile Ben never attended a bear mitzvah.
Gentle cascades of vermilion poured over Daphne's heaving, lily-white bosom. 'Call 911, Scooby,' she breathed. -- Top 5
Gentle Reader: Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face ...
Gentleman, include me out. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Gentleman, n.: A man who wouldn't strike a woman with his hat on. -- Evan Esar
Gentlemen prefer blondes, and for good reason. Where there's light, there's heat.
Gentlemen, listen to me slowly. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Gentlemen, we are history. -- Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure
Geoff got sued for sexual harassment and all I got was this lousy t-shirt. -- Anu Kapoor
Geographers do it globally.
Geometer turned general - a sphereless leader.
Geometry, n.: What the acorn said after it grew up.
George Costanza: If 95% of the population is undateable, then how are all these people getting together? Jerry Seinfeld: Alcohol. -- Seinfeld
George Orwell 1984. Northwestern 0. -- Chicago Reader 10/15/82
George Orwell was an optimist.
George Washington was first in war, first in peace... and the first to have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend. -- Ashley Cooper
George Washington's brother was the Uncle of Our Country. -- George Carlin
George, no matter how you try, the fact remains that I have a diagnosis of mental illness from the psychology department's sysop and you do not. A warning of impending phenomenology from a connectionist research scientist pales in comparison. -- Jim Salsman
George: "You can't dump me! I've got hand!" George's girlfriend: "Yeah, and you're gonna need it." -- Seinfeld
George: You don't have a replacement for ME lined up, do you? Jerry: [silent...] [sips coffee...] -- Seinfeld
George's mother: Why, Georgie, why? George: Because it's there. -- Seinfeld
Gerald Ford and George Bush just went to the golf course to kill a couple of spectators. -- David Letterman
German for brassiere: Keepinsiefromfloppin'.
German tourists keep dying in Florida? Gee, do you think all those old Jewish people there have anything to do with it?
Germans who wish to use firearms should join the SS or the SA - ordinary citizens don't need guns, as their having guns doesn't serve the State. -- Heinrich Himmler
Germany, Europe. 1944. 16 million DEAD. Bosnia, Europe. 1994. HOW MANY MORE?
Gerrold's Law of Infernal Dynamics: An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
Gerrold's Law of Infernal Dynamics: An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
Gerrold's Law of Infernal Dynamics: The energy required to change either one of these states will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so much as to make the task totally impossible.
Get a grip loserboy... Your idea of hate is a pathetic and sickly creature in comparison to the hatred that fuels this world. Your hatred makes you write a couple of half-assed posts and gnash your teeth in frustration. Real hatred makes you go out and grab someone you don't know by the throat while your pour mace directly into his eyes nose and mouth. Hate is when you then take this coughing gasping crying wretch and beat him until your hand is bleading and cracked. hate is looking back on it and knowing that you would do it again and you would enjoy it even more the next time. Hatred is bending your life and will around some abstract focus in an effort to destroy it at any price to yourself and those you care for. Your hatred is a gasping hollow chested cousin of real hate. It lashes out weakly at anything that moves without focus or follow through. It is a petty and small hate. You have a lot to learn about hate boy. -- Chris Rapier
Get a powerful right arm: subscribe to Playboy.
Get a REAL problem. -- Kara Freel
Get a RETURN key or DIE a CANCEROUS, BLOODY DEATH. -- Robert Rodgers (80 column terminal)
Get behind early so you have plenty of time to catch up.
Get busy living, or get busy dying. -- The Shawshank Redemption
Get down off your high horse. It's dangerous to ride an animal who's been ingesting controlled substances.
Get down. Shut up. -- Forrest Gump
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Get found, kid! -- Robert Fulgham
Get next to a clue and hope the wind blows, dude. -- Fitz McKinzie
Get off my kitchen floor...will ya
Get out of my bed, and don't come back until your dick is bigger. -- Madonna (Truth or Dare)
Get out of my facial. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Get out the Crisco.
Get Purify. (I'm 99% sure there's an NT version...) ... or get Rob a new brain, since that's a compiletime error, not runtime. grn. uh, try a new compiler? -- Rob Earhart
Get real. If you don't have a parachute, don't jump.
Get Revenge Live long enough to be a problem for your children
Get Revenge! Live long enough to be a problem for your children!
Get revenge! Live long enough to be a problem to your children.
Get rid of aunts: Zap does the job in 24 hours.
Get some rest. If you haven't got your health, you haven't got anything. -- The Princess Bride
Get stoned -- Drink liquid cement.
Get these spiders offa me! -- MST3K
Get this, (from [a male admirer]): 'I am not worthy! Good morning, Milady.' You call that persuading?... Guess again... -- Channon Kelly
Get to know me before you hate me. Oh-no. I'll hate you right now, thank you. It's usually too tough to get to know someone and what makes them tick so I'll hate you without any basis except my desire to quickly and efficiently categorize people. -- Jose Calvo
Get up every morning with a purpose, not a reason. If you don't know the difference, picture a robbery taking place in an alley. The guy holding the gun is being "purposeful." The guy forking over his wallet is being "reasonable." -- Rich Hall (Self-Help for the Bleak)
GET YOUR ****ING LOUSY PIECE OF SHOELEATHER ASS IN HERE OR I'LL STACK YOUR APARTMENT WITH 3,000 DECAPITATED BABY DUCKS. -- Rohit Khare
Get your biscuits in the oven and your buns in the bed.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please. -- Mark Twain
Get your grubby hands off my tagline I stole it first
Get your hands off me, you damn, dirty ape! -- Planet of the Apes
Gettin' crazy with the Cheez Whiz! -- Beck
Getting an inch of snow is like winning 10 cents in the lottery. -- Calvin
Getting disemboweled always makes me kind of mad. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant. -- Mitch Kapor
Getting involved with an artist seems like a phenomenally bad idea. It's like me getting involved with women who are into computers. Or movies. Or anything. Fuck. Hate. Misogyny. Sugar balance. Babble.
Getting melted down by heat rays would have been better. That was at least quick, but being bored to death was sort of like being nibbled to death by ducks. -- Joe R. Lansdale
Getting out of jury duty is easy. The trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races. -- Homer Simpson
Getting trapped inside an old house with a bunch of granolaheads wasn't on my daily calendar. -- Golden Years
Ghiradelli Square... great sundaes. The chocolate is ok, but the sundaes are great. Thanks a lot, Adam... it's not even 9:00 am, and I'm starving. -- Holly (Vineyard)
Ghosts are merely unsubstantiated roomers.
Ghoti, n.: Fish, with "gh" as in enough, "o" as in women, and "ti" as in -tion -- George Bernard Shaw
ghoughpteighbteau spells potato. -- Jan L.A. Van de Snepscheut
GIANTS 1: If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulders of giants. -- Isaac Newton
GIANTS 2: In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with the giants on whose shoulders we stand. -- Gerald Holton
GIANTS 3: If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders. -- Hal Abelson
GIANTS 4: In computer science, we stand on each other's feet. -- Brian K. Reid
Gifts are very hard to get, much much harder than grants. -- Mani Chandy
Gigolo, n.: A fee-male.
GILLENSON'S LAW OF EXPECTATION: Never get excited over how people look from behind.
Gimme a break, willya? The Gotti Family picnic is starting in ten minutes. -- Top 5
Gimme a hamburger, with cheese, bacon &amp; onion. Chips and Coke. -- Con
Gimme back my face! You're getting it ugly.
Gimme some sugar, baby. -- Army of Darkness
Gimme, gimme, gimme more donuts.... -- Elvis
Ginger ale wishes and tuna fish dreams.
Ginger or Mary Anne? Ginger was a bimbo.
Ginsberg's Theorem: 1. You can't win. 2. You can't break even. 3. You can't even quit the game...
Ginsberg's Theorems: 1) You can't win. 2) You can't break even. 3) You can't even quit the game.
Girl wanted to assist magician in cutting-off-head illusion. Blue Cross and salary.
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy, finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl.
Girls are always getting mad at each other and they tell their hairdresser to purposely mess up another girl's hair. -- Tasha
Girls are like pianos. When they're not upright, they're grand. -- Benny Hill
Girls are so queer you never know what they mean. They say no when they mean yes, and drive a man out of his wits for the fun of it. -- Louisa May Alcott (Little Women)
Girls who are boys who like boys to be girls dig their girls love their boys dig their boys love their girls. -- Blur
Give a hungry man a fish and you have fed him for a day, but give him a case of dynamite and soon the entire village will be showered with mud and water and hard-to-identify little chunks of fish.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day... teach a man to fish and you feed him for life. -- Chinese proverb
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death, while praying for a fish.
Give a man a piece of working code and you solve his problem. Teach a man to write code and you give him a lifetime of new problems. -- http://www.peak.org/~luomat/next/
Give a monkey a brain and he will swear that he is the center of the universe.
Give a skeptic an inch and he'll measure it.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding. -- Abraham Kaplan
Give a woman an inch and she thinks she's a ruler.
Give a woman an inch and she'll (try to) park a car in it.
Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.
Give big space to the festive dog that shall sport in the roadway.
Give every man thy ear but few thy voice. -- William Shakespeare
Give him an evasive answer.
Give it to Riker- he'll eat anything
Give light and the darkness will disappear of itself. -- Desiderius Erasmus
Give me 10,000 spoons and I'll make me a knife. Or trade for one. -- John Dobbin
Give me 10,000 spoons and I'll use one of them to gouge Alanis Morisette's eyes out. Oh. Sorry. -- Megan Coughlin
Give me a couple of Uzis, a 44 Magnum, a couple grenades, a USAS 20 automatic shotgun with napalm and explosive rounds, and... a crossbow. -- Chris Esko
Give me a fish and I will eat today. Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.
Give me a place to sit, and I'll watch. -- friend of Archimedes
Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.
Give me a woman who truly loves beer and I will conquer the world. -- Kaiser Wilhelm
Give me all your lupins!
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Give me caffeine, and no one gets hurt.
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
Give me chastity and self-restraint... but not yet. -- Saint Augustine
Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Give me money or I will follow you home
Give me my golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep my golf clubs and the fresh air. -- Jack Benny
Give me somewhere to stand, and I will move the Earth. -- Archimedes
Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Give me the Luxuries, and the Hell with the Necessities!
Give me the strength to change the things I can, the grace to accept the things I cannot, and a great big bag of money.
Give me X or give me death! ... p.s. Or just give me death -- Bruce Sherrod
Give the First Lady a ride on Air Force One, if you know what I mean. -- Top 5
Give them Win98. They deserve it. -- Tim Byars
Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Give up.
Give us the truth, the networks say. Based Upon. Well, Inspired By. Okay, Suggested by. Hinted By. Dreamed By. -- Al Martinez
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
Given a choice, the American people would prefer the policeman's truncheon to the anarchist's bomb. -- Spiro Agnew
Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Given an infinite number of geeks in an infinite number of Star Trek conventions, would there be at least one with a life? -- Top 5
Given any real number X, X=0 unless it equals something else.
Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow -- Linus Torvalds
Given epsilon less than 37... -- math prof from purgatory
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather lie around. No contest. -- Eric Clapton
Given the choice to sleep with anyone living or dead, choose the living one.
Given the jury's decision and the power invested in me by Peewee Herman, I hereby sentence you to be flogged with spaghetti for life, with no possibility of parole. -- Robert Harley
given the number of mailing lists I'm on that I don't read, I should at least subscribe but not read this one -- Scott Berkun
Given two items, you will undoubtedly be asked for one back.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys. -- P.J. O'Rourke (Parliament of Whores)
Giving requires good sense. -- Ovid
Giving the undergraduates two weeks for a homework doesn't help. They wait until the last minute anyway. -- Mani Chandy
Giving up hope? Good for you; hope sucks. -- George Carlin
Glancing at the table of contents, it looks like YASHEEOFLS, yet another spin on how to encode everything OO into a functional language with subtyping. -- Robert Harley
Glass of milk Standing in between extinction in the cold and explosive radiating growth. So the warm blood flows Through the large four-chambered heart, Maintaining the very high metabolism rate they have. -- They Might Be Giants
Glass, china, and reputations are easily cracked and never well mended. -- Benjamin Franklin
Glass, n.: Chinese marijuana.
Glenn Frey was an absolutely inspired casting choice. What a great way to kill some time on Christmas Eve. -- John Dobbin
Gloat. Make everybody else feel like failures. Live a garish and decadent life. -- Dogbert's advice to the rich
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever...
Glory may be fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Gluttony is not a secret vice. -- Orson Welles
Glyme's Formula for Success: The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made.
GLYME'S FORMULA: The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
Gnagloot, sniglet: A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to impress people.
Gnomes are too short to do it.
GNU programmers do it for free. And they don't give a damn about look and feel.
Go 'way! You're bothering me!
Go ahead and marry her, she's really nice, she's everything that I can't be, I just hope that somewhere in your wedded bliss you find the time to think of me. -- Go Sailor
Go ahead and use my father's words against me. We'll see how crafty you can be when I fill you full of margaritas...... -- Ken Nagle
Go ahead hit me, I need the money.
Go ahead, back up to the RAM disk. I dare you
Go ahead, have dessert. I'm quite confident that sex with you will be worth the $93 dinner tab.
Go ahead... make my day... -- Clint Eastwood
Go around the barn at high noon to avoid colloquialisms.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther. -- Thomas Carlyle
Go away, kid. You bother me.
Go away.
Go directly to jail. Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
Go directly to jail. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. Do not - I repeat - do not bend over to pick up your soap when you drop it. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
Go down that hill *real* fast. If anything gets in your way, turn. -- Better Off Dead
Go in pieces. -- Sarah Esser
Go Lemmings, Go!!!
Go not to UseNet for counsel, for they will say both 'No' and 'Yes' and `Try another newsgroup'. -- usenet rule #17 (net.legends FAQ)
Go oft to the house of thy friend, for weeds choke the unused path. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste and remember what peace there may be in silence. -- Desiderata
Go soak your head, Puny Human!
Go soothingly in the grease mud, as there lurks the skid demon.
Go Speed Racer, go Speed Racer, go Speed Racer, go
Go to an extreme and then retreat to a more useful position. -- Brian Eno
Go to church on Sunday, and avoid the christmas rush.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. -- Mark Twain
Go to her door... beg like a human. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Go to the law for a sheep and lose your cow. -- German Proverb
Go to your local supermarket. Take with you the nearest thing you can find to a pre-school child - a fully grown goat is an excellent substitute. I have *got* to try this. Shopping with a fully grown goat sounds like a little slice of heaven. -- John Dobbin
Go without a coat when it's cold; find out what cold is. Go hungry; keep your existence lean. Wear away the fat, get down to the lean tissue and see what it's all about. The only time you define your character is when you go without. In times of hardship, you find out what you're made of and what you're capable of. If you're never tested, you'll never define your character. -- Henry Rollins
goal: to go to Great America more often than i reinstall NT's service pack 3. so far i'm losing 0 to 11. -- Aleecia McDonald
Goals are dreams with deadlines. -- Diana Scharf Hunt
Goblin your food is bad for your elf.
God brings no man into the conflicts of life to desert him; every man has a friend in Heaven whose resources are unlimited; and on Him he may call at any hour and find sympathy and assistance. -- Robert Hughes Morris
God cannot alter the past, but historians can. -- Samuel Butler
God could create the universe in six days because He didn't have to make it upwardly compatible.
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers. -- Jewish proverb
God created a few perfect people, the rest is righthanded.
God created Adam lord of all living creatures, but Eve spoiled it all. -- Martin Luther
God created gentiles because SOMEONE has to buy retail.
God created man before She created woman, because you always need a rough draft.
God created Man first, then Woman. You can't get everything right the first time.
God created man in his own image, and then man returned the favor.
God created man, and finding him not sufficiently alone, gave him a companion to make him feel his solitude more. -- Paul Valery
God created Whiskey to prevent the Irish from conquering the world!
God created woman. And boredom did indeed cease from that moment - but many other things ceased as well! Woman was God's second mistake. -- Nietzsche
God creates dinosaurs. God destroys dinosaurs. God creates man. Man destroys God. Man creates dinosaurs... -- Jurassic Park
God did not create the world in 7 days; He screwed around for 6 days and then pulled an all-nighter.
God did not create the world in seven days. He screwed around for six days and then pulled an all-nighter.
God does not play dice with the universe. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
God does play dice, (and) sometimes confuses us by throwing them where they can't be seen. -- Stephen Hawking (The Nature of Space and Time)
God doesn't believe in atheists.
God gave man two ears and one tongue so that we listen twice as much as we speak. (Arab proverb)
God gave us a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time. -- Robin Williams
God gave us our memories so that we might have roses in December. -- James M. Barrie
God gave us two ears and one mouth. That ought to tell us something.
God gave us two ears and one tongue, so we may listen twice as much as we talk.
God gave... legs to the horses, gills to the fish, wings to the birds, heads to the men, and brains to the women. -- A. Namelesspoet
God gives burdens; also shoulders. -- Jimmy Carter
God gives us our relatives; thank God we can choose our friends.
God gives us relatives; thank God we can chose our friends.
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
God HAD to be male. No female God would have created men.
God has always been hard on the poor.
God has made Canada one of those nations which cannot be conquered and cannot be destroyed, except by itself. -- Norman Angell
God has made many doors opening into truth which He opens to all who knock upon them with hands of faith. -- Kahlil Gibran
God hates me. This I know. I saw it in the shape of my Quaker Instant Oatmeal this morning. The tracks and valleys left by the spoon were unusual and probably demonic. -- Robert Rodgers
God heals and the doctor takes the fee.
God help me, I sort of like the interface for this........ -- John Dobbin discovers msn.com
God himself could not sink this ship. -- unknown Titanic Deck Hand
God I want patience, and I WANT IT NOW!
God I would love to drag his frat boy ass to a Chaos UK concert. -- alt.punk to Adam Rifkin
God I'm tired. Tired tired tired. I went to sleep at 1:30. And woke up at 5:30. Blah. Exhaustion... it's a way of li.....zzzzzzzzzz. -- Michelle Morrell
God invented mothers because He couldn't be everywhere at once. And God invented guilt because mothers could be every where at once.
God invented women because sheep can't cook.
God is a combination of Stalin and Castro. -- Professor Beildelman
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh. -- Voltaire
God is a concept by which we measure our pain. -- John Lennon (Working Class Hero",)
God is a polytheist
God is an atheist.
God is Dead -- Nietzsche. Nietzsche is Dead -- God. Nietzsche is God -- The (Grateful) Dead
God is dead and I want His job.
God is dead and no one cares... -- Nine Inch Nails (Heresy)
God is in the Details. -- Mies van der Rohe
God is love. Satan is 30. God better watch those double-faults.
God is love... Love is blind... Ray Charles is God!
God is my co-pilot, but the Devil is my bombardier.
God is not dead He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's
God is not dead! He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's
God is not dead. He is alive and working on a less ambitious project.
God is not dead. He is alive and working on a much less ambitious project.
God is not dead. He just couldn't find a parking place.
God is not dead. He just doesn't want to get involved.
God is not dead. He's alive and autographing Bibles at Cody's.
God is not trendy, so he definitely wouldn't use Motif. God sent his only Sun to save the world, and then they beat him and made him run Solaris. -- Dave Barr
God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent - it says so right here on the label. If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
God is real, unless declared integer.
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things. -- Pablo Picasso
God is subtle but he is not malicious --- A. Einstein
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity. -- Alfred Jarry
God isn't dead --- he's been busted
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God isn't dead, He's just trying to avoid the draft.
God isn't dead. He's just very, very sick.
God keep your ladyship still in that mind, so some gentleman or other shall 'scape a predestinate scratched face. -- Much Ado About Nothing
God knows I don't ask you for much! -- Kramer (on Seinfeld)
God loves stupid people. That's why he made so many.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
God made man at the end of the week, when He was tired. Then God made woman so that man might improve himself.
God made Nautilus to keep the geeks off the free weights.
God made perfect heads. Those that were not, He covered with hair.
God made the Idiot for practice. Then He made the School Board. -- Mark Twain
God made the integers. All else is the work of Man. -- Kronecker
God made the machine language. All the rest is the work of Man.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
God may give you seeds but he won't plant them for you.
God must love assholes --- She made so many of them.
God must love the comman man, he made so many of them. -- Abraham Lincoln
God never imposes a duty upon us without giving us time and strength to perform it.
God never misses an opportunity - if the door is open he will come in.
God not only plays dice, he also sometimes throws the dice where they cannot be seen. -- Stephen Hawking
God not only plays dice, He sometimes throws the dice where they cannot be seen. -- S. Hawking
God put me on this Earth to accomplish certain things. Right now, I am so far behind, I will never die. -- Calvin
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. -- William Brag
God said, Let there be Unix. Man said, let's make copies and sell it.
God told Moses to come forth. Moses came fifth and God lost twenty bucks.
God was able to create the world in only seven days because he had no installed base to consider. -- Andy Finkel
God was an alcoholic; he created this world when he woke up with a hangover. -- Peter Cook
God, I *love* Capitalism. Hot towels, clean sheets, good food, and we'll have those Commie bastards on their knees in no time. -- Colin MacDonald
God, I can see it now: me, lying on the ground, face besmeared with BBQ sauce, passing out listening to "your racist friend" in the background. -- Chris Heiser
God, I was a teenager in the mall obsessing about this cheerleader who would never go out with me, playing this videogame. -- J.C. Herz
God, sometimes you just don't come through. Do you need a woman to look after you? -- Tori Amos
God, thanks for this food and please help me not taste it.
God, that's amazing. Good design on Unix -- hell, it's like finding gold in your back yard. About as likely, too. -- Robert Rodgers
God's in his heaven, all's right with the world.
goddammit, how come the only time i get quotefiled is when i mention penises? -- Len Lanphar
goddamnit! my duck is broken....this sucks -- Steve Archer
Goddess soaring above you says, "Do not dream of peaches or the puppy will drool on you."
Godwin's Law of Nazi Analogies: As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
GOEBEL'S LAW OF RUSH HOUR TRAFFIC: What speeds up, must slow down. But who says it's ever gonna speed up?
Goin' to bed in the mornin', breakfast in the afternoon. -- Dave Graney
Going out of my mind, back in 5 minutes.
Going out with [him] is like going to an all-night diner where theres that one asshole at some table who wont shut the fuck up and all i want to do is kill him.....except hes at _my_ table. -- Chris Heiser
Going tagless has been a freeing experience
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to the garage makes you a car. -- Laurence J. Peter
Going to fly? Walk, you'll get there faster
Going to the bathroom and reading a book are in no way mutually exclusive. Finish a page, tear it out and wipe your ass. -- John Dobbin
Gold Digger, n.: A girl who breaks dates by going out with them; a gal who believes in sinner take all.
Gold is a wonderful thing! Whoever owns it is lord of all he wants. With gold it is ever possible to open for souls the way to paradise! -- Christopher Columbus (1503)
Gold is tried by fire, brave men by adversity. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Gold, n.: A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution. It is mined deep in the earth by poor men who then give it to rich men who immediately bury it back in the earth in great prisons, although gold hasn't done anything to them. -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
GOLD'S LAW: If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
Goldenstern's Rules: 1. Always hire a rich attorney 2. Never buy from a rich salesman.
Goldenstern's Rules: 1. Always hire a rich attorney. 2. Never buy from a rich salesman.
Goldfish don't bounce. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Golf combines two of America's greatest pasttimes... taking long walks and hitting things with a stick. -- P.J. O'Rourke
Golf is a game that needlessly prolongs the lives of some of our most useless citizens. -- Bob Hope
Golf is a good walk spoiled.
Golf players have dimpled balls.
Golfer yells FORE!, takes six, and puts down five.
GOLFER--Yells Fore, Takes Five, Writes Down Three.
Golub's Second Law of Computerdom: A carelessly planned project takes 3 times longer to complete than expected; a carefully planned project takes only twice as long.
Gonna take my hips to a man who cares. -- P.J. Harvey
Good ... Bad ... I'm the guy with the GUN! -- Ash (Army of Darkness)
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example. -- La Rouchefoucauld
Good afternoon, Tech Pacific, Tara speaking... -- Tara
Good call, you hit it right on. -- Rohit Khare to Adam Rifkin (3/7/95)
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for flying but bad day for landings....
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Good day to avoid cops. Crawl to school.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the universal amphitheater.
Good evening, and welcome to Introducing My Grandfather To. Tonight I shall be introducing my grandfather to the pornographer and steeple-chase jockey, Benton Asher. -- Hugh Laurie
Good evening, and welcome to Trying To Borrow A Fiver Off. -- Hugh Laurie
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Dan, and I'll be your designated ranter for the evening. Flying spittle is one of the risks of attending a live performance, so you may wish to shield yourselves with your dessert menus. -- Dan Martinez
Good fortune is yours when you stock tons of fortune cookies.
Good fortune will find you, providing you gave directions.
Good girls go to heaven... but bad girls go EVERYWHERE!!!
Good God, you guys are making me sick. 50 new messages on Unhinged and not a single good flame. Bah humbug! -- Martin Frankel
Good grief. I think I'm deciding that the web is Satan's work. -- Paolo Sivilotti
Good habits result from resisting temptation. -- Ancient Proverb
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
Good ideas and innovations must be driven into existence by courageous patience. -- Admiral Hyman Rickover
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Good literature is about Love and War. Trash fiction is about Sex and Violence.
Good Lord almighty, this taxicab smells like urine! -- David Letterman's Barbershop Quartet
Good morning doctors. I have taken the liberty of removing Windows 95 from my hard drive. -- Arthur C. Clarke on what he imagines HAL's first words might have been
Good morning, class. My name is Adam Rifkin, and I'll be your instructor today, thanks to the California work release program.
Good morning. For those of you who don't know me, I am not Dr. X; I am Dr. X's representative on earth.
Good music is the key to good design. Go out and get yourself some CDs with that big fat advance check from The Man. -- Brady Clark
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a good day.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Good news: the "All-You-Can-Eat" salad bar joint just decided to stay open 24 hours a day! We can get a table by the window and live there for the rest of our lives - for only $5.95 apiece! -- Dogbert
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow. -- Juliet
Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
Good people can't out-think evil, cause evil thinks of things good folks can't think of. -- Orson Scott Card (Homebody)
Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse). -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Good shot at 5 megabucks and a life of ease and fun, versus bad karma from the boss. Tough decision. NOT! -- Robert Harley
Good solutions to very broad problems should not have simple, short, uniform answers like "use our product X; it's perfect". The answer should seem simple because it reflects the structure of the problem, but the solution should also have broad structure with as much fractal nature as the problem, or otherwise there won't be a good fit everywhere. -- David McCusker
Good students don't "cheat"--they verify.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater. -- Gail Godwin
good thing I bought more gin last night. Just in time to deal with this HAIRY NOTES PROBLEM. -- Brendan Hoar
Good thing we have a free press or we might have had to wait for a court to convict him. -- Jim Mullen
Good things come to those who wait. Crap arrives the fastest. -- Rich Hall
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored. -- George Saunders (dying words)
good. be a futurist, will you, and go get in your car, go tearing down the road way too fast, run up to him and slap him? you can say something like "art waits for no pants, bonbon!" at the end if you want. -- Sean Levy
Goodbye Gatorade, hello Riunite! -- David Letterman
Goodbye, Oval Office. Hello, home theater! -- Top 5
Goodbye, says the dying man to the mirror they hold in front of him. We won't be seeing each other any more. -- Valery
Goodbye, uniforms; hello, Batman outfits! -- David Letterman
GoodMoaning.
Gordon has a friend who claims to be the only person ever ticketed for going 100mph. Over the speed limit. -- Ari Rapkin
Gordon's Restatement of Newman's Corollary to Godwin's Law: Libertarianism (pro, con, and internal faction fights) is the primordial net.news discussion topic. Any time the debate shifts somewhere else, it must eventually return to this fuel source.
GORP [from a type of dried hikers' and bikers food, itself an acronym for Good Old Raisins and Peanuts] Another metasyntactic variable, like FOO &amp; BAR.
Gossip is when you hear something you like about someone you don't. -- Earl Wilson
Gossip, n.: A prattlesnake.
Gossip: Letting the chat out of the bag.
Got a bowling ball in my stomach. Got a desert in my mouth. -- Tori Amos
Got a devil's haircut in my mind. -- Beck
Got a gun, 'fact I got two/ That's okay, man, 'cause I love frogs. -- Eddie Vedder (Easter 1994)
Got a machine head. Better than the rest. -- Bush
Got arrested for going 14400 in a 2400 zone.
Got Mole problems? Call Avogadro, 6.02 x 10^23
Got Mole problems? Call Avogardo 6.02 x 10^23
Got more tongue in cheek than a lesbo orgy! -- Bloodhound Gang
Got to find a reason why the money's all gone. -- Sublime
Got your resume polished? Well, print it out and send it on cow-spotted paper to Gateway 2000, now that President and COO Richard Snyder has left the land of milk and honey to head up a new venture fund in Massachusetts. Picture yourself with the hilarious Ted Waitt exchanging side-splitting lactose intolerance jokes, while your competitors drop their PC prices every 15 minutes. -- Upside
goth clan...it's like a gang, except when it's time for them to jump you in, all they do is hold you down & put too much eyeliner on you -- Kevin "Inox" Zygmontas
Goths are sort of like mimes with long hair and trenchcoats. Neat. -- Adam Rixey
Goto, n.: A programming tool that exists to allow structured programmers to complain about unstructured programmers. -- Ray Simard
Gotta learn to get that "think speak" thing in the right order. -- John Dobbin
Government contractor, n.: A gambler who never gets to shuffle, cut or deal.
Government exists to protect us from each other. We can't afford the type of government it would take to protect us from ourselves. -- Ronald Reagan
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Governments don't raise people. Parents do. -- William Bennett
Governments never learn. Only people learn. -- Milton Friedman
Grab a can of pork soda and you'll be feeling just fine; ain't nothing quite like sitting around the house, swilling down them cans of swine. -- Primus
Grab your lube and make sure nobody sees you coming in here, because there's only one reason for visiting the pay side - wanking! -- Asia Carrera
Grabel's Law: 2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.
Grace is the absence of everything that indicates pain or difficulty, hesitation or incongruity. -- William Hazlitt
Grad school for people who can't cope with drugs.
Grad school is the snooze button on the clock-radio of life. -- John Rogers
Grad terminology: ABCD - All But Comps and Dissertation.
Grad terminology: ABCDE - All but Comps, dissertation and external (examiner).
Grad terminology: ABCDEF - All but Comps, dissertation, external and face (oral exam).
Grad terminology: ABD - All But Dissertation.
Graduate life: It's not just a job, it's an indenture.
Graduate of the Darth Vader School of Personnel Management.
Graffiti has changed deface of the nation.
Graffito was Benito Mussolini's secretary of war.
Grand Challenge, n.: The task of programming a parallel computer.
Grandpa Charnock's Law: You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
Grandpa says they just don't make cars like they used to. The other day he ran over the dog, and twice it survived. -- Anna Chin-Williams
Grandpa's sucking carpet, and the vacuum stole my coat. -- Rugburns
Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to hide the bodies of the people I had to kill because they pissed me off. -- Jeff Wayman
Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I cannot accept, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill today because they pissed me off and also, help me to be careful of the toes I step on today, as they may be connected to the ass that I may have to kiss tomorrow.
Granted, early in a relationship it's better if the guy actually talks. But men use up all the stories they'll ever have after six months. -- Scott Adams
Grass is nature's way of saying high
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Gravity brings me down.
Gravity doesn't exist: the earth sucks.
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Gravity is a myth. The Earth sucks.
Gray hair is God's graffiti. -- Bill Cosby
Gray is what black would be if it lightened up a little.
Gray's Law of Programming: "n+1" trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same time as "n" tasks.
Great and fine things can never be common property: pulchrum est paucorum hominum (beauty is for the few). -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Great art is an instant arrested in eternity. -- James Huneker (Pathos of Distance)
Great Dames for sale.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. -- Herodotus
Great green gobs of greasy grimy gopher guts
Great ideas are completely worthless without action and commitments. Just having great ideas is not enough. Give your great ideas the effort and commitment they deserve.
Great is the power of steady misrepresentation; but the history of science shows that fortunately this power does not long endure. -- Charles Darwin (On The Origin of Species)
Great jumping mother of Jesus in a smoking birchbark canoe!
Great leaders are rare, so I'm following myself.
Great leadership requires ethics, courage, vision, and reality.
Great men can't be ruled. -- Ayn Rand
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Great minds have purposes; little minds have wishes. Little minds are subdued by misfortunes; great minds rise above them. -- Washington Irving
Great minds run in great circles.
Great minds think alike, and fools never differ. -- James Patton's english teacher
Great minds travel in the same sewers.
Great passions don't exist; they are liars' fantasies. what do exist are little loves that may last for a short or longer while. -- Anna Magnani
Great presidents don't do great things. Great presidents get a lot of other people to do great things. -- POTUS
Great seas cannot extinguish love, no river can sweep it away. -- from The Song of Songs (8:6-7)
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance. -- Samuel Johnson
Great! Friends. It's the best thing. <pause> You realize of course that we could never BE friends. -- When Harry Met Sally
Great! Let it lie - that's my policy. That's what I always say: Let it lie. <pause> Wanna spend the night in a motel? See what I did? I didn't let it lie. -- When Harry Met Sally
Great. As if my self esteem wasn't bad enough, now I have to participate in organized sports. -- May Jawdat
Great. I've lumped myself in with the unwashed masses. I'm no longer unique. I *hate* it when I do that. -- Fleur Dragan
Great... I'm hearing horses now. Perry would be so pleased. -- The Fisher King
Greater Internet Ladies' Knitting Circle and Terrorist Society. -- Leslie Devlin
Greatest debate of all time: Elvis in the 50's or 70's for his U.S. postal stamp?
Greatest debate of all time: Paper or plastic?
Greatest debate of all time: Tastes great or less filling?
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery: courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things. -- James Harvey Robinson
Greed captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. -- Wall Street
Greed will save our paper company, and that other malfunctioning company, the United States of America. -- Wall Street
Greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Greed works. -- Gordon Gekko (Wall Street)
Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
Green's Law of Debate: Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
Greener's Law: Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Greer's Third Law: A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.
Greetings. You're asking yourself: Is this a trap or just a dead end? You shouldn't ask yourself such worthless questions. Aim higher. Try this: why am I here? Why do I exist, and what is my purpose in this universe? (Answers: 'Cause you are. 'Cause you do. 'Cause I got a shotgun, and you ain't got one.) -- Durandal (Marathon)
Greg [will be the first to mention unhinged in a national forum (newspaper, tv; not web)]. At my impeachment hearings. The rest of you will lie under oath to avoid being associated with me. -- Jay Laefer
Greg and Brian acronym: DAF = Distinct Absence of Focus.
Greg and Brian acronym: DBR = Death by Reaming.
Greg and Brian acronym: DUNB = Don't Understand, Need Beer.
Greg and Brian acronym: FF = Frustration Factor.
Greg and Brian acronym: KMA = Contact my buttocks.
Greg and Brian acronym: NMDB = Not My Darned Business.
Grelb's Commentary Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.
Grelb's Commentary on Colvard's Logical Premises: Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.
Grelb's Reminder: Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
Grelling's Paradox: if a homological adjective is one that is true of itself (ie. "polysyllabic") and a heterological adjective is one which is NOT true of itself (ie. "German"), then what about "heterological?" Is it heterological or not?
grep... grep... grep... -- frog with UNIX stuck in its throat
Gresham's Law: Worse money drives out bad.
Grew up way too fast, and now there's nothing to believe. And reruns all become our history. A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio, and I won't tell no one your name. -- Goo Goo Dolls
Griffin's Thought: When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
Grink = grin + wink. -- Kendall Bullen
Groening has managed to tap into the wellsprings of good, old-fashioned, no-political-agenda orneriness that fueled his earliest work. -- Ken Tucker
Gross, man... You can't thwallow it. -- James Cook
GROSSMAN'S LEMMA: Any task worth doing was worth doing yesterday.
GROSSMAN'S MISQUOTE OF H.L.MENCKEN: Complex problems have simple, easy-to-understand wrong answers.
Ground control to Major Tom, your circuit's dead. Is there something wrong? -- David Bowie
Ground yourself, THEN hug your motherboard
Groundhogs grow in the ground, but they ain't vegetables. -- John Dobbin
Group Photo
Grow your own dope. Plant a man.
Growing OLD is mandatory. Growing UP is optional.
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional
Growing up is all about finding out that people are gay. -- Erin van Yuga
Grown men do not need leaders. -- Edward Abbey
grrrrr...... grumble grumble.... shoot..... 50 ft..... dime..... i can do just that with YOUR head which is MUCH MUCH larger than a DIME!!!!!! -- Yerin Kay
Grub first, then ethics. -- Bertolt Brecht
gt100 sounds like something DEC would come out with. Lets hope they don't. -- Informix Online Workgroup Server termcap comment
Gualtieri's Law of Inertia: Where there's a will, there's a won't.
Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force: Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined. -- Patrick Henry
Guess what I have. Hint: it's black and contains a loaded shotgun. -- Chris Heiser
Guess who's coming to dinner. -- Chekov
Guest, like fish, begin to smell after three days. -- Benjamin Franklin
Guinan's secret power: her hat is a solar panel.
GUIs are great at representing everything except relationships involving the word "many". -- Larry Wall
Gum would be perfection. -- Friends
GUMPERSON'S LAW: The probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to its desirability.
Gumperson's Law: The probability of anything happening is inversely proportional to its desirability.
Gun control is punishing law-abiding citizens in their constitutional rights. The difference between Poland and Afghanistan is the right to bear arms. Had Germany the right to bear arms, there might have been no Holocaust. -- Newt Gingrich
Gun Control means holding it in both hands.
Gun Control, n.: Keeping muzzle pointed at target.
Gun control: Hitting what you aim at.
Guns don't kill people. Driving 40 in the fast lane kills people.
Guns don't kill people... death does.
Guns don't kill people... I DO. -- UHF
Guns don't kill people... PUMPKINS kill people.
Guns don't kill people... television does.
Gurmlish, sniglet: The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of his mouth.
Guru, n.: One who knows more jargon than you.
Guts: putting the name SYSOP in your twit filter.
Guy walks into a restaurant. Orders eggs. The waitress asks How would you like those eggs cooked? The guy says Hey, that would be great.
Guys are in a permanent state of nonreadiness. If guys were turkey breasts, you could put them in a 350-degree oven on July Fourth, and they still wouldn't be done in time for Thanksgiving. -- Dave Barry
Guys are lucky because they get to grow mustaches. I wish I could. It's like having a little pet for your face. -- Anita Wise
Guys need to be asked three times to do something. The first time, we don't even hear you; the second time, we don't think you mean it. -- Dennis Miller
Guys sleep better on their sides because they have a kickstand.
Guys, what's the sitch? I'm bored. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Gymkata! -- MST3K
Gymming? No, I'm missing a fifth of my big toe... -- Rohit Khare
Gymnasts do it with grace.
H lp! S m b d st l ll th v w ls fr m th s s nt nc !
H. L. Mencken's Law: Those who can -- do. Those who can't -- teach. Martin's Extension: Those who cannot teach -- administrate.
H.H. Goddard in the 1920s coined the word 'moron' to designate 'high grade' mental defects. Delineating these people by slightly subaverage scores on primitive IQ tests, Goddard judged them to be more dangerous than obvious idiots because their gene pool might proliferate. Goddard favored keeping 'morons' happily segregated in colonies where they could be prevented from breeding. -- Jeffrey Klein (Mother Jones magazine, May/June 1998, page 3)
H.L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H.L. Mencken. There is no cure for a disease of that magnitude. -- Maxwell Bodenheim
h3Y D00D! mY W4R3Z W0N'T C0MP1L3 & 1T'Z 4LL Y0UR PH4ULT!!!!!! -- Rohit Khare
ha ha ha!! my server is up! now i can take over the world! -- Christy Regenhardt
HA I kill me
Ha! Pin 1 markings on CPU's are for sissies. Real geeks try putting the CPU in in all four cardinal directions, and applying power. When the blue smoke demon appears, you know that the computer god is angry. -- Richard Bullington
Haagen-DOS: The new Danish Operating System.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time. -- Mark Twain
Hacker's Law: The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.
Hackers do it all night.
Hackers do it with all sorts of characters.
Hackers do it with their fingers.
Hackers have kernel knowledge.
Hackers of the world, unite!
Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.
Hackito, ergo sum: I compute, therefore I am.
Had NASA just tested its rocket's interface with its target market (which included both astronauts and dim-witted workers), it might have predicted that Junior would confuse "Launch" and "Lunch." This foresight could have saved NASA hundreds of millions of dollars (and saved Sid and Marty dozens of dollars spent on foam rubber, not to mention keeping Bob Denver's career from slipping yet another notch, and sparing a young Mike Kuniavsky many restless nights dreaming that he was being chased by H. R. Pufnstuf rejects). -- Mike Kuniavsky
Had there been an actual emergency, you would no longer be here.
Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
Had to sell my internal organs just to pay the rent. -- Weird Al Yankovic
HADLEY'S LAW OF CLOTHING: If you like it, they don't have it in your size.
HAGGIS!.....Tastes as good as it sounds! -- Groundkeeper Willy (The Simpsons)
HAHAHAHAHA, and if you believe that, I've got an interoperable Unix to sell you. -- Robert Rodgers
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Whooo-hoo. Sorry. It's just that I've been doing a little too much Win32 development lately for my own good. -- Sam Kass
Haiku Hi Tech: The sand remembers, Once there was beach and sunshine, But chip is warm too.
Haiku is pointless. Culturally obnoxious. Complete waste of time. -- Lloyd Wood
Haiku: Haiku's inventor, Must have had seven fingers, On his middle hand. -- Brian Del Vecchio
Haiku: Twice five syllables, Plus seven can't say much but, That's Haiku for you. -- David Neiman
Hail to the sun god, He sure is a fun god. Ra! Ra! Ra!
Hail to the sun god, Ra! Ra! Ra!
Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town? -- Mark Twain (Huckleberry Finn)
Hair barrettes (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Hair is a privilege, not a right. -- Principal Skinner
Hairy Navel adds Vodka. Screwdriver keeps the Vodka, but loses the Schnapps. I have to say that since I discovered Tropicana Twister's Orange-Peach juice, I've seen no need for a fuzzy navel. -- Megan Coughlin
Hakeem will become the most popular name for newborn babies. -- David Letterman
Hakuna matata. It's our problem-free philosophy. -- The Lion King
HAL is the perfect spokesperson to address the Y2K issues because he lives in the year 2001 and speaks from experience. Plus HAL is the foremost expert on things that can go wrong with computers. -- Steve Jobs
Half duplex, n.: Small apartment.
Half Moon tonight. (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
Half of all marriages end in divorce. The rest end in death. At least I got out alive!
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
Half of philosophy is knowing when to shut up. -- Nicholas Brownlow paraphrasing Ludwig Wittgenstein
Half of what he said meant something else, and the other half meant nothing at all.
Half our mistakes in life arise from feeling where we ought to think, and thinking where we ought to feel. -- J. Churton Collins
Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in one's horse as he is leaping. -- Augustus Hare
Half the fun of being alive is not knowing what tomorrow will bring. The other half is pretending you don't care.
Half the lies they tell me aren't true. -- Yogi Berra
Half these people haven't got a clue; they're stealing clothes and saying, Rodney who? -- Rugburns
Halloween and Thanksgiving have been cancelled in Arkansas this year. Seems the witch left and took the turkey with her.
Halting problem, n.: See halting problem
Hamburgers are a medium rarely well-done. -- Boston Common
HAMILTON'S GLASS CLEANING LAW: The spot you are scrubbing is always on the other side.
Hams do it with frequency, till their gigahertz.
Hand in glove, the sun shines out of our behinds. No, it's not like any other love. This one is different because it's us. -- Stephen Patrick Morrissey
Hand me that piano, and then fold up the cow. -- overheard when moving
Hand me that solar-powered flashlight...
Hand me the Constitution and pair of sissors! -- Troy Tripp (Impersonating Noot Gingrinch)
Hand, n.: A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and commonly thrust into somebody's pocket. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Handball players have little solid rubber balls.
Handcrafted with pride in the United States by non-exploited, entrepreneur- type craftspeople who ride their bikes a lot -- Gabe Underwood
Handel was half German, half Italian, and half English. He was rather large.
Handle all business ventures with discretion so you do not end up a loser.
Handshaking, n.: State of the user after he discovers rm all
Handy Guide to Modern Science: 1. If it's green or it wriggles, it's biology. 2. If it stinks, it's chemistry. 3. If it doesn't work, it's physics.
Hang up your logic over there.
Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns... He should be drawn and quoted!
Hanging out with people more pathetic than you are interferes with your ability to have self-pity. -- Rohit Khare
Hangover, n.: The wrath of grapes.
Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Hanson's Treatment of Time: There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.
Happily Married Couple, n.: Husband out with another man's wife.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness can't buy money.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. -- Ernest Hemingway (The Garden of Eden)
Happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic response. -- Mildred Barthel
Happiness is a hard disk.
Happiness is a twit filter...
Happiness is a warm gun. Bang bang, shoot shoot. -- John Lennon
Happiness is a warm modem.
Happiness is a warm puppy and a high-speed blender.
Happiness is a warm puppy, thought the anaconda.
Happiness is an illusion caused by the temporary absence of reality.
Happiness is being married to your best friend.
Happiness is Earth in your rear view mirror.
Happiness is finding special characters ^^^^^
Happiness is good health and a bad memory. -- Ingrid Bergman
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. -- George Burns
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch. -- Ogden Nash
Happiness is hearing your little granddaughter say, "If I ever have any little girls, I'm going to name them Grandma."
Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude. -- Joseph Wood Krutch
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
Happiness is merely the remission of pain.
happiness is not a condition that is produced or stands on its own; rather, it is a frame of mind that accompanies an activity. But another frame of mind comes first. It is a steely determination to do well. -- George Will
Happiness is not a destination. It's the trip.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling. -- Margaret Lee Runbeck
Happiness is not doing what you like, it's liking what you do.
Happiness is not something you experience, it's something you remember. -- Oscar Lavant
Happiness is seeing your mother-in-law's face on the back of a milk carton.
Happiness is seeing your mother-in-law's face on the back of a milk cartoon.
Happiness is the longing for repetition. -- Milan Kundera
Happiness is your favorite program moving to Windows.
Happiness isn't something you experience. It's something you remember. -- Oscar Levant
Happiness, n.: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Happy days are here again.
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. -- Leo Tolstoy
Happy feast of the pig.
Happy Hanukkah! You guys get 8 days but we only get one, it's not fair! -- Robert Harley
Happy happy, joy joy, happy happy joy joy! -- Ren & Stimpy
Happy is harder than money. Anyone who thinks money will make them happy, doesn't have money. -- David Geffen
Happy is the child whose father died rich.
Happy motoring!
Happy the people whose annals are blank in history-books. -- Thomas Carlyle
Happy Thread, take me away! -- Dan Martinez
Happy trails to you!
Happy: I'm stupid, you're smart. I was wrong, you were right. You're the best, I'm the worst. You're very good looking, I'm not very attractive. Chubbs: All right. As long as you're willing to admit that now. -- Happy Gilmore
Hard core, man. Hard core. -- Animal Mother (Full Metal Jacket)
Hard to say, since Emacs is still being developed. If at the end of its development its executable size is at least 3.2 times the size of the OS kernel it's being run under (Chandrasekhar's limit), no force in the universe can stop its collapse. Under SunOS the Emacs to kernel ration is about 1:1 if the X interface is configured in. This means that on stripped down workstation kernels the ration could go up to 1.3, enough so that Emacs would collapse into a single dense line of microcode equivalent to 150,000 lines of C and Lisp, if Emacs were to cease being developed at this time.
Hard where? soft where?
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Hard work may not kill me, but why take the chance?
Hard work never killed anyone but why take a risk?
Hardware works best when it matters the least.
Hardware, n.: e.g., helmet, gauntlets, mace, etc.
Hardware, n.: Nuts, bolts, and circuit boards left after repairman has reassembled cpu.
Hardware, n.: The part of a computer system that can be kicked.
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. -- Jeff Pesis
HARDWARILY adv. In a way pertaining to hardware. The system is hardwarily unreliable. The adjective 'hardwary' is NOT used. See SOFTWARILY.
Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark The Duke is fond of kittens He likes to take their insides out And use them for his mittens (From The Thirteen Clocks)
Hark, the Herald Tribune sings, advertising wondrous things. -- Tom Lehrer
Harlez-vous francais? Can you drive a French motorcycle?
Harp not on that string.
Harpists spend ninety percent of their lives tuning their harps and ten percent playing out of tune -- Igor Stravinsky
Harris's Lament: All the good ones are taken.
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab: Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Harrison's Postulate: For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Hartley's First Law: You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back, you've got something.
Hartley's Second Law: Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
Harvard Law: Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure, temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.
Harvard's Law: Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure, temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.
Has a dog Buddha-nature? This is the most serious question of all. If you say yes or no, you lose your own Buddha-nature. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Has anyone ever finished a triple mocha capuccino?
Has love truly ruined you? -- Ernest Prabhakar
Has she ever forgiven you? Her eyes say, "Maybe," but the lighter fluid in your hair and the match in her hand say, "Not really." -- Top 5
Has the mathematical abilities of a Clydesdale. -- David Letterman
Has two brains; one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
Hasta la bagel. Buenos nachos. Sianara.
Hasta la vista, bay bee. -- Terminator 2
Hasta lasagna, don't get any on ya. -- Mission Impossible
Haste makes waste. -- John Heywood
hat in God's name am I doing wrong? -- Wile E. Coyote
Hat? What hat? That's a helipad for munchkins. -- Guinan
hate = good : beer = food : food = good => hate = beer -- Vijay Gill
Hate can't end hate. Only love can do that. -- MLK
Hate the wrong, not the wrong-doer; otherwise God will hate you.
Hates job. Hates spouse. Hates life. Loves Cheetos. -- David Letterman
Hath not a Jew eyes? -- The Merchant of Venice
Hatred paralyzes life; love releases it. Hatred confuses life; love harmonizes it. Hatred darkens life; love illuminates it. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
Hatred, n.: A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Have _you_ looked at the NCSA httpd code? It was so bad by last March that even _I_ didn't understand a lot of it anymore, and I wrote all of it. -- Rob McCool
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts. -- Charles Dickens
Have a little fire, Scarecrow! -- Wizard of Oz
Have a nagilah, have two nagilah, have three nagilah... they're pretty small. -- Laugh-in
Have a nice day.
Have a relatively non-threatening day.
Have a seat while I take to the sky. -- Tori Amos
Have a tude, weinerdude. -- Reality Bites
Have car, will travel. -- Tom Tarka
Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -- Rita Rudner
Have cursor, will curse.
Have faith, though it be only in a stone, and you will recover.
Have fun storming the castle! -- Miracle Max
Have him watch Springer. Remind himself that these idiots are lusted after. Works for me... -- John Dobbin
Have I ever had a relationship? A couple. -- Adam Rifkin
have I ever told you how much more authoritative and convincing your arguments sound when you sprinkle them liberally with expletives? No, really. I'm just so completely won over by the forcefulness and lucidity of your rhetoric. -- Dan Martinez
Have I mentioned how bad the idiots in their admissions office suck? I'd like to get medieval with some of them. -- Chris Petro
Have I responded to this stuff before? I'm getting Deja View. -- John Dobbin
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Have patience with all things, but first of all with yourself. -- St. Francis de Sales
Have respect for the instrument. There may be days in your lives where that will be the only thing you can control. -- Busoni
Have the boy sent to the bridge. -- Picard
Have the King exhumed, breaded, deep-fried, and reburied. -- Top 5
Have time to waste? Get Microsoft Windows 3.1
Have two reasons for doing anything... a good reason and the real reason.
Have you been watching the Bobbitt trial on Court TV? So far, it's been pretty dull. -- John Dobbin
Have you considered business school? -- Mani Chandy
Have you crashed your Windows today?
Have you ever been in love? Only then you can photograph. -- Alfred Steiglitz
Have you ever been seduced by a good... stiff... martini? -- Robin Quivers
Have you ever danced with the devil in the shadow of the pale moonlight? -- Batman
Have you ever dated somebody because you were too lazy to commit suicide? -- Judy Tenuda
Have you ever dialed up your boss, just by rubbing certain teeth with your tongue? Or ordered 40,000 tons of wet cement, simply by dragging a pencil across a puddle of spit on a napkin? You Will! -- Jeff Burchell
Have you ever fallen asleep in one class and awoke in another? That's the way I felt all term.
Have you ever felt that all the world's a stage and you are the only one in the audience?
Have you ever gotten tired of hearing those ridiculous AT&T commercials claiming credit for things that don't even exist yet? You will. -- Emmanuel Goldstein (Publisher of "2600: The Hacker Quarterly", 1995)
Have you ever heard of a self-made failure?
Have you ever met a sung hero or experienced requited love?
Have you ever noticed how Evian is naive spelled backwards?
Have you ever noticed that people who do things get most of their criticism from people who do nothing.
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you, "There's a time for work and a time for play," never find the time for play?
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you, ``There's a time for work and a time for play,'' never find the time for play?
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you, There's a time for work and a time for play, never find the time for play?
Have you ever noticed that when you leave a piece of clothing in your closet a really, really long time it shrinks two sizes?
Have you ever noticed? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac. -- George Carlin
Have you ever received a Fax or a photocopy of a floppy?
Have you ever run into someone who was combobulated, gruntled, ruly, or peccable?
Have you ever seen a horseful carriage or a strapful gown?
Have you ever shown a novice the any key? ... Was it the power switch?
Have you ever smelled moth balls?
Have you ever talked into an acoustic modem?
Have you ever talked into an acoustic modem?... Did it answer?
Have you ever TRIED to take candy from a baby?
Have you ever watched a really disgusting scene in a horror flick, and not been able to avert your eyes because you are curiously attracted to watch the awful things that transpire? -- Adam Rifkin
Have you ever wondered if taxation without representation was cheaper?
Have you ever wondered why computers have air conditioned rooms and we don't? They should be out in the heat and we should be comfortable! -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Have you ever wondered why the same people who keep their thermostats on 80 in the winter so they will be warm keep their air conditioning on 70 during the summer to be cool?
Have you ever worn a fax machine on your head? You will.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows? They're really making headlines! -- Bloom County
Have you heard about the armed rat that broke into a cheese store? He wanted to shoot the bries.
Have you heard the one about the rabbi, the goat and Bill Gates?
Have you hugged your Teleray today?
Have you locked your file cabinet?
Have you lost your (state of) mind? Mirth, antipathy, jocularity, enmity, fickle, rancor, cynicism, capricious, obdurate, perfidious, illusory, dubious, and of course... bitter. -- Megan Coughlin
Have you noticed that all the best things in life can be described as being "easily cleaned up with a damp washcloth"? -- Vince Farquharson
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline sharply the minute they start waving guns around? -- Dr. Who
Have you seen how he romances my towel warmer? -- Frasier
Have you seen Quasimodo? I had a hunch he was back.
Have you seen Quasimodo? I have a hunch he's back...
Have you seen the play "A Street Named Boxcar"? -- Thanh Boyer
Have you taught FFT before? I have a terrific set of power point slides that you can modify. -- Mani Chandy
Have you thanked your SysOp today?
Have your girl call my girl, and let's do lunch Thursday. (Yuppy Speak)
Have your pizza "shaken, not stirred."
Haven't felt younger since I woke up on my birthday in existential angst because I was 28 and could no longer view myself as being in my mid-20s. Minutes later I realized that on that day I had turned 27, not 28, and order was restored to the world. -- Keith Dawson
Haven't we been here before? Footsteps lead down to the note on the door that says I can't stay here anymore. -- John Dobbin
Haven't you heard our motto - 'United we sort of come apart at the seams, but Welded we stick together pretty well' ? -- tabron@brandeis.bitnet
Having a baby is one of the hardest and most strenuous things known to man. -- Anna Raeburn
Having a Degree in Communications is like having a Pink Belt in karate.
Having a plunger permanently stuck to your head is one thing, but I bet what really makes you feel dumb is throwing a hat on and realizing you'll never be able to reach it again. -- Dave James
Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a urinating section in a swimming pool.
Having a wonderful time. Wish you were her.
Having an affair helps break up the monogamy.
Having children is hereditary: If your parents didn't have any, then you probably won't either.
Having just returned from 7 months in Japan and Korea, it seems to me today that the main purpose of life is: 1) to have a job in whose ultimate purpose you can believe; 2) to have friends whose immediate purposes you can trust; 3) to have some spot on the earth to which you can return as home; 4) to be at same time a citizen of some larger world. -- James A. Michener (4/20/52)
having multiple mailing lists is like being able to choose your own local phone company. or even electric company. it's more choice than you can fit your hand around. -- John Jantos
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Having O.J. try on the bloody glove was a stroke of genius unseen since the debut of Goober on "Mayberry R.F.D." -- John Kammer
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
Having thought about the fiery punishments awaiting the wicked after death, I've completely lost my will to die. -- Peter DeRosa
Having two bathrooms ruins the capacity to co-operate.
Hawaiian Airlines is reportedly considering filing for bankruptcy. This could mean massive lei-offs.
HAWKINS' THEORY: Progress consists in replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
HD failure: (A)bort (R)etry (N)egotiate (C)ry
He agreed with the sign, "Fine for parking."
He apologized for his sorry performance.
He asked me! He asked me! -- Monty Python
He believed in the primacy of doubt, not as a blemish upon our ability to know, but as the essence of knowing. -- James Gliek in The Life and Science of Richard Feynman
He better not be good looking! -- Jerry Maguire
He bought a new Ferrari. 328. $80k. That's expensive for a car but quite cheap for Heaven. -- Vijay Gill
He built a bed ten feet by twenty feet. It was a lot of bunk.
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I ever met. -- Abraham Lincoln
He can't even run his own life; I'll be damned if he'll run mine.
He can't spell either, it's an epidural. -- John Dobbin
He cannot be alone. -- Jerry Maguire
He comes from a light blue collar family. -- Slacker
He comes from a long line of first cousins.
He decided to write messages on people's whiteboards quoting the famous Rohit Khare negotiation method. -- Rohit Khare
He deserves Paradise who makes his companions laugh. -- Koran
He did ask if I had another job and I said no, so I would assume this would preclude them making another offer. How do you compete with nothing? -- John Dobbin
He didn't have a mission, he didn't even have a business. His only purpose in life was to be ... amused.
He divines remedies against injuries; he knows how to turn serious accidents to his own advantage; whatever does not kill him makes him stronger. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
He does it with a better grace, but I do it more natural.
He does the work of 3 Men. Moe, Larry, and Curly.
He does the work of three men: Larry, Moe and Curly.
He doesn't care about maintaining a strategic advantage; he wants to attack, to bring death to the infidels. We're talking rivers of blood here. We're talking martyrs. -- Robert X. Cringely
He doesn't disrespect buddhism. He just uses it as a label. -- Buddhism
He doesn't know which side his head is buttered on. -- David Farber
He doesn't like the way I spell the word grammar, and I think he finds my consistent use of the active voice to be irritating. -- Adam Rifkin
He don't know me very well, do he? -- Bugs Bunny
He drops more names than a telephone book with bad binding. -- Michel Marriott
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it. -- Douglas Adams
He filled out an organ donor card. It seems they took his brain early.
He flexed his muscles to keep his flock of sheep in line; he made a virus that would kill off all the swine. -- Nine Inch Nails
He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal. He could clear the Savannah after every meal. -- The Lion King
He frequently only opens his mouth to lace his shoes. -- MLS Commissioner Doug Logan responding to some disparaging comments about league management made by DC United coach Bruce Arena.
He got a daddy named Forrest too? -- Forrest Gump
He got me involved in some kind of fruit company. -- Forrest Gump
He grabbed the snake and bit the head off. He skinned it and used the skin as a tourniquet to keep the venom from spreading.
He had a coprophagic smile. -- Martin Amis
He had an antenna on his back receiving transmissions from space, 'cause whatever he was playing was *not* from this planet. -- Jason Bradford on Goa Gil
He had an empathic relationship with her. -- John Thornley
He had been eight years upon a project for extracting sunbeams out of cucumbers, which were to be put in vials hermetically sealed, and let out to warm the air in raw inclement summers. -- Jonathan Swift
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald (The Great Gatsby)
He had never seen the Catskill Mountains, but had seen them kill mice.
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful. -- Sydney Smith
He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever behaving normally. -- Hunter S. Thompson (Fear and Loathing '72)
He had untold wealth. It wasn't reported to the IRS.
He hadn't a single redeeming vice. -- Oscar Wilde
He has a dire need, actually it's half-dire, but he thinks it's double-dire. -- David Farber
He has a mind like a steel sieve.
He has a woman's name and wears makeup. How original. -- Alice Cooper on Marilyn Manson
He has carried out each and every one of his duties to his entire satisfaction.
He has half the deed done who has made a beginning. -- Horace
He has his ass on the wrong end of his head. -- David Farber
He has low enough morals that he wil undoubtedly be able to buy us out in ten years. -- Rohit Khare
He has more talent in his little finger than he has in his big finger.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
He has read everything, and, to his credit, written nothing.
He has the Midas touch. Everything he touches turns into a muffler.
He has the wisdom of youth, and the energy of old age.
He has Van Gogh's ear for music. -- Orson Welles
He hated the concept of chocolate chocolate-chip ice cream... He found it redundant. -- VR5
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
He heard she was stuck up and asked how much they got.
He is a good story teller who can turn his ears into eyes.
He is a master of time suckage. -- Reality Bites
He is almost a statesman. He lies well.
He is considered the most graceful speaker who can say nothing in most words.
He is dead. Somethat that he disagreed with, ate him -- Vijay Gill
He is happiest who has the power to gather wisdom from a flower. -- Mary Howitt
He is mad, bad, and dangerous to know. -- Lady Caroline Lamb
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is not much of an ogre. He just lives on grass and roots and acorns and wouldn't hurt a fly. -- T.H. White
He is not only dull himself, but the cause of dullness in others. -- Samuel Johnson
He is now a heretic with a travel budget. And we intend to take care of at least one of those. -- Rohit Khare
He is now rising from affluence to poverty. -- Mark Twain
He is one weird mamma jamma. -- MST3K
He is so greas-y. He's a prehistoric pyromaniac. We gotta teach him to wease. We're going psycho with him. -- Encino Man
He is so rich, he is ahead in his alimony payments.
He is so scared he is living on a diet of fingernails
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles. -- Henry David Thoreau
He is the man who invented the cure for which there was no disease. Then his wife caught the cure and died.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He is useless on top of the ground; he ought to be under it inspiring the cabbages.
He is wise who is warned by the misfortunes of others. -- Aesop
He just jellied up the sidewalk. Waring Hudsucker is abstract art on Madison Avenue. -- Hudsucker Proxy
He keeps differentiating.... flying off on a tangent.
He kept his motor running, but he never kept it clean. -- Skid Row
He kept talking about Gene Krantz. He kept saying "Failure is not an option." He said, Gene Krantz said they put their mind to it and they made it happen. I said "They didn't have as many third party vendors as we do." -- Art Stine
He knew a lot about railroads, but it had taken a lot of training.
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity. -- Ben Jonson
He likes to flirt, but toward you his intentions are honorable.
He lived his life to the end.
He lived his life to the very end.
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He looked exactly the same when he was alive, only he was vertical. -- Trouble with Harry
He looks at the world through coma-induced eyes. -- Howard Stern
He looks like you and he's working from the inside! -- Seinfeld
He loves me, we have great sex, and he fixes my car. -- Amy Fisher
He made one crucial mistake. He looked bad on TV. -- Dennis Miller
He makes a plan to take a stand but always ends up sitting. Someone help him up or he's gonna end up quitting. -- Green Day
He may look like nothing more than a big barbarian, but deep down, he's a big barbarian with a caffeine addiction. -- Andy Simmons
He obviously didn't realize who I am. Sure, that sounds a bit pretentious... but it's true. -- John Myers
He only possesses one thing -- the gift of flight. And you have taken that away from him.
He ordered life boats away, that's when I heard the Chaplain say, "Women and children and Chaplains first." -- Harry Chapin
He owns ten gasoline stations and not one had a roof. No overhead.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace. -- J.M. Brown (drama critic)
He plays the game to find the answer, the sacred geometry of chance. -- Sting
He pledged to be faithful to the cow from his prison cell. -- Kevin and Bean
He pushed me off a building, just when I was beginning to feel good about myself. -- Catwoman
He recycled this gift. He's a regifter. -- Seinfeld
He rules with an iron thumb. -- David Farber
He said I don't know what it's like to be a black person? I'm MISTER Black People! -- Jerry Maguire
He said, "I wish my wish would not be granted", and the Genie took THAT to be his wish. -- Douglas Hofstadter
He shaves his legs, and so I asked him if he was bi; he grabbed me by the throat and said prepare to die. -- Rugburns
He smelled of pork. Rotting pork, in fact, and lots of it. -- Top 5
He snapped my bra like a Concord taking off, and I was unhooked for love. -- Top 5
He taught us drawing, stretching, and fainting in coils.
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom. -- J.R.R. Tolkein
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open. (Scottish proverb.)
He that bulls the cow must keep the calf.
He that can have patience can have what he will. -- Ben Franklin
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. -- Ben Franklin
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
He that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that is of a merry hear hath a continual feast. -- Proverbs 15:15
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money. -- Ben Franklin
He that never compares his notions with those of others, readily acquiesces in his first thoughts, and very seldom discovers the objections which may be raised against his opinions; he, therefore, often thinks himself in possession of truth, when he is only fondling an error long since exploded. -- Samuel Johnson (The Adventurer)
He that respects himself if safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. -- Henry Wordsworth Longfellow
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils, for time is the greatest innovator. -- Francis Bacon (Essays)
He that will not command his thoughts will soon lose the command of his actions.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He thinks a night club is a stick you keep by the bed to fight off intruders.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He thinks he could easily win your heart.
He thinks scruples are a Russian currency and morals are wall paintings. -- Sabrina
He thinks too much. Such men are dangerous. -- Shakespeare (Julius Caesar)
He thought a fjord was a Norwegian automobile.
He thought all women were biased. "Buy us this." and "Buy us that."
He thought Good Friday was a holiday for the guy who worked with Robinson Crusoe.
He thought he could print more than two copies, but he hadn't counted on... Fitzbo! -- Jon Bennett
He thought he saw an albatross That fluttered 'round the lamp. He looked again and saw it was A penny postage stamp. You'd best be getting home, he said, The nights are rather damp.
He thought the formula for water was H-I-J-K-L-M-N-O, H-to-O.
He travels the fastest who travels alone. -- Rudyard Kipling
He tried to kill me with a forklift... -- Fugitive Alien I
He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lampposts... for support rather than illumination. -- Andrew Lang
He uses telnet like a pro... and he drinks Johnny Walker Red. -- Ed Briggs
He walks abreast with his days, and feels no shame in not 'studying a profession,' for he does not postpone his life, but lives already. He has not one chance, but a hundred chances. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He wanted a pet, so he asked for an octopus, thinking it would be an eight-sided cat.
He wants a shoehorn, the kind with teeth, cause he knows there's no such thing. -- They Might Be Giants
He wants Amy for his wife? Well, his wife can't have her! -- Blackadder III
He wants her to work with Jane Campion? Why? Sure we might get to see her naked, but is it really worth it? -- John Dobbin
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
He was a little dog named Snuckles. -- Casey Kasem (as used by Negativland)
He was a small claims court jester. -- Steven Wright
He was a typical American worker... what's in it for me was written all over the guy's face. -- Ishmael Reed (Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down)
He was a wine taster without a tongue. -- Richard Jeni
He was as happy as a dog with two peni.
He was as tall as a six-foot-three-inch tree. -- Jack Bross
He was busier than one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest.
He was going to sell his armor for twenty nine cents an ounce, it was first class mail.
He was going to start a bakery if he could raise the dough.
He was in a bar; therefore we can rule him out due to guilt by geographic association. -- The Opposite Sex
He was kicked out of the army, he took a furlong, went too fur, and stayed too long.
He was so crooked you could use him to pull corks with...
He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes ...
He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes...
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
He was so short that he could sit on a dime and swing his legs.
He was using pins to create microholes in the top of the beer bottle. -- James Cook
He went off in a huff. Make that a minute-and-a-huff. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
He who always goes against the fashion is himself its slave. -- La Rochefoucald
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes. He who does not is a fool forever.
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself. -- William S. Paley (chairman of CBS)
He who believes the past cannot be changed has not yet written his memoirs.
He who binds himself to a joy, does the winged life destroy; but he who kisses the joy as it flies, lives in eternity's sunrise. -- William Blake
He who borrows sells his freedom.
He who cachinnates ultimately, cachinnates optimally.
he who controls the spice girls controls the universe! -- Joshua Schachter
He who cooks carrots and peas in same pot unsanitary.
He who desires but acts not breeds pestilence. -- William Blake
He who despairs of the human condition is a coward; he who has hope for it is a fool. -- Albert Camus
He who dies with the most access, wins.
He who dies with the most toys is still dead.
He who dies with the most toys, is, nonetheless, still dead.
He who dies with the most toys... is still DEAD...
He who does not enjoy his own company is usually right. -- Coco Chanel
He who doesn't risk never gets to drink champagne. -- Russian Proverb
He who drives an ass must of necessity know its wind.
He who eats when he is full digs his grave with his teeth.
He who enters contest is optimistic as submarine with screen doors.
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside. -- Sinbad
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.
He who forgets will be destined to remember. -- Pearl Jam
He who had had 'had had' had had the correct answer.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish $ast.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has burned his mouth with milk blows on ice cream.
He who has had, has been, but he who hasn't been, has been had.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
He who has himself for a physician has a fool for a doctor and an ass for a patient.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. -- Joseph Joubert
He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his won disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts. -- Samuel Johnson
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the world as he who is ready to die. -- Giacomo Leopardi
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is constipated.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is lunch.
He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit.
He who hesitates is probably right.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved. -- James Thurber
He who hesitates too long, must change his underwear.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
He who houses a camel must make his door higher.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along a rowboat when going on a cruise.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is a mocker dances without a tambourine.
He who is bent on doing evil can never want occasion. -- Publilius Syrus
He who is carried on another's back does not appreciate how far off the town is. -- A Treasury of African Folklore (edited by Harold Courlander)
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who is henpecked may lend an ear to other chicks.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would fully suffice. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
He who knows nothing, loves nothing. He who can do nothing, understands nothing. He who understands nothing is worthless. But he who understands also loves, notices, sees... The more knowledge is inherent in a thing, the greater the love... Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries knows nothing about the grapes. -- Paracelsus
He who knows only his own side of the case knows little of that. -- John Stuart Mill
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news. -- Bertolt Brecht
He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.
He who laughs last didn't understand the joke.
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
He who laughs last probably made a backup.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives by the sword eats with bloody hands.
He who lives by the sword laughs last.
He who lives by the sword will get shot by he who doesn't.
He who lives by the sword, should go out and get himself a really nice sword. -- Lev L. Spiro
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who looks like his passport photo is not well enough to travel.
He who loses his head is usually the last one to miss it.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man. -- Dr. Johnson
He who never programmed in assembler as a youth has no heart. He who programs in assembler as an adult has no brain.
He who never struggled with DOS in his youth has no heart. He who still struggles with DOS in his later years has no brain.
He who owns little is little owned.
He who places head in sand, will get kicked in the end.
He who possesses art and science has religion; he who does not possess them, needs religion. -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
He who puts his hand to the plow and looks back is not fit for the kingdom of winners.
He who puts his nose to the grindstone is a bloody fool.
He who reads many fortunes gets confused.
He who refuses to do arithmetic is doomed to talk nonsense.
He who sacrifices his conscience to ambition burns a picture to obtain the ashes.
He who seizes the right moment, is the right man. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (Faust)
He who sits on the pinnacle of power is still sitting on his own backside
He who sleeps in a marsh wakes up cousin to the frogs.
He who slings mud loses ground.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own hands.
He who spares the guilty threatens the innocent.
He who speaks the truth better have one foot in the stirrup.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, take life with a grain.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who stops being better stops being good. -- Oliver Cromwell
He who talks of wheel of life may merely be spokesman. -- Johnny Chen
He who throws mud loses ground.
He who touches honey is compelled to lick his fingers.
He who uses bad language is an ignorant schmuck.
He who walks in another's tracks leaves no footprints. -- Joan L. Brannon
He who would be friends with God must remain alone or make the whole world his friend. -- Mahatma Ghandi
He will always be a slave who does not know how to live upon a little. -- Horace
He will completely erase any preconceived notions you may have about marketing reps for fish fertilizer companies. Of course, if you've ever bothered having preconceived notions about fish fertilizer marketing reps in the first place, maybe we need to talk. -- Duck
He won the Karma Powerball. He is so lucky, he's too dumb to realize it. Mark my words. -- Rohit Khare
He would always rush in where fools fear to tread.
He would be out of his depth in a car park puddle.
he would have passed a pleasant life of it, in despite of the Devil and all his works, if his path had not been crossed by a being that causes more perplexity to mortal man than ghosts, goblins, and the whole race of witches put together, and that was -- a woman. -- Washington Irving (The Legend of Sleepy Hollow)
He writes A, he says B, he means C, and it should be D. -- Joel Franklin
HE: Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science. SHE: What?? Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains. -- Walt Kelley
He'd make a lovely corpse. -- Charles Dickens
He'll grow up to be one of the people I hire to do things. -- Mark Hiner
He'll turn the apartment into a den of slack. -- Reality Bites
He's a man with much to be small about. -- Winston Churchill
He's a perfectionist. If he was married to Raquel Welch, he'd expect her to cook. -- Don Meridith (about Tom Landry)
He's a potato Jim, Let's gouge out all of his eyes
He's a shrink, but not in a shrinky way. -- Friends
He's a smooth operator. -- Sade
He's a wacko! He's probably out there right now running around in his grandma's underwear, smearin' peanut butter all over himself. -- Seven
He's a wild man. Get out of here.
He's a wolf in cheap clothing.
He's alive, Jim. Should I shoot him again?
He's ALIVE, Jim. Where did I go wrong?
He's an honest man. You can shoot craps with him over the phone. -- Earl Wilson
He's an urban legend in his own mind. -- Justin Broughton
He's as courageous as Captain Ahab. Let me tell you folks, he's so fab, he stuck with me through drug rehab. He carries my cup to the urine lab. -- Rugburns
He's become a growling, snarling mass of white-hot canine terror.
He's become a household word. Like septic tank. -- Jim Mullen
He's been drunk since his wife's gone punk.
He's been watching these women pee, doing a study like he's Doctor Leakey just to learn about love. -- Rugburns
He's completely gone off the deep end. I mean he's more than just a little off, we're talking more than two tacos short of a combination plate here. -- Ben Peal
He's dead Jim. Grab his tricorder. I'll get his watch
He's dead Jim. You get his tricorder, I'll get his watch
He's dead Jim. You take his phaser and I'll get his wallet
He's dead Jim... Grab his wallet
He's DEAD, Jim Go to Sick Bay and get the Maggot Master
He's DEAD, Jim. Get his ears. -- Spock
He's dead, Jim. Kick him if you don't believe me.
He's DEAD, Jim. Tell the Klingons that dinner is served.
He's dead, Jim. You get his phaser and tricorder, and I'll grab his wallet.
He's DEAD, Jim. You get his teeth. -- Bones McCoy (DDS)
He's dead, Jim.
He's dead. -- George Burns (actor and comedian, 100 years old in January 1996, asked on his doctor's opinion about George smoking 10 to 15 cigars and drinking 3 to 4 martinis a day)
He's fighting fire with fire and flirting with death.
He's finally mastered the difference between "bring me the" and "pee in the"... -- Friends
He's frank and earnest with women. In Fresno he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest.
He's gonna kick the darkness 'till it bleeds daylight... I believe in Love. -- U2 (God Part II)
He's got a big truck, and it's bigger than my dump. It's bigger than the bank account of Donald Trump. -- Rugburns
He's got a face only a mother could love. On payday. -- Hudsucker Proxy
He's got a magnet Everybody BACKUP
He's got a neon sign above his head that says 'assmunch'. -- Mecal Martin
He's got a tye dyed Rancid shirt. He wears Birkensrocks to work. Is he a jerk? No! Just confused. -- NOFX
He's got his head so far up his ass, he can chew his food twice.
He's got one of those sight-seeing dogs.
He's got the buff spikes chillin' on top of his melon. -- Encino Man
He's got two balls on 'im. -- Top 5
he's in _france_ man. it's just like america; just with better accents and more smokes. -- Joe Kiniry
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces ...
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces.
He's like malathion, and I'm a simple Med fly. -- Rugburns
He's lying through his britches. -- David Farber
He's more of a piglety, marshmellowy man inside. -- Blackadder III
He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged.
He's not dead, Jim, he's just metabolically challenged.
He's not national security. He's murder incorporated. -- Golden Years
He's not necessarily so different from the rest of us. I went into his den last night, and his VCR is still flashing 12:00. -- Jay Leno (after helping Bill Gates launch Windows 95)
He's not retired. That'll be President Quayle to you, bucko. -- John Dobbin
He's not the Messiah, he's a very Naughty Boy -- Brian's Mum
He's not the sharpest knife in the drawer. -- Bostom Common
He's not working... he's suppressing an uncontrollable user! -- Jim Anderson
He's really sweet and in some ways I think he's so right for me, but... I HATE that guy. -- Friends
He's saying that msglist is the best for the time being, which is sort of a refreshing change from all the general, unbounded by time or space praise-mail you usually get, if you think about it. -- Megan Coughlin
He's scarier than my wife when I come home drunk. -- Japan trade Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto on his American adversary (Mickey Cantor)
He's shooting pigeons with machine guns. Occasionally one will hit right on target, but it's hard to tell because the targets are blown to hell. -- John Dobbin
He's so cheesy I can't watch him without crackers. -- Reality Bites
He's so dense, light bends around him.
He's so fat, when he goes to the movies, he sits next to everybody.
He's so short, you can use him as a bouncer for a roach motel.
He's still standing in that familiar upright position.
He's stoopid. A few beers short of a six-pack.
He's stoopid. A few clowns short of a circus.
He's stoopid. A few feathers short of a whole duck.
He's stoopid. A few fries short of a Happy Meal.
He's stoopid. A few peas short of a casserole.
He's stoopid. All foam, no beer.
He's stoopid. An experiment in Artificial Stupidity.
He's stoopid. An intellect rivaled only by garden tools.
He's stoopid. As smart as bait.
He's stoopid. Body by Fisher, brains by Mattel.
He's stoopid. Chimney's clogged.
He's stoopid. Couldn't pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel.
He's stoopid. Doesn't have all his cornflakes in one box.
He's stoopid. Doesn't have all his dogs on one leash.
He's stoopid. Doesn't know much but leads the league in nostril hair.
He's stoopid. Dumber than a box of hair.
He's stoopid. Elevator doesn't go all the way to the top floor.
He's stoopid. Forgot to pay his brain bill.
He's stoopid. Has an IQ of 2, but it takes 3 to grunt.
He's stoopid. He fell out of the Stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down.
He's stoopid. His antenna doesn't pick up all the channels.
He's stoopid. His belt doesn't go through all the loops.
He's stoopid. His sewing machine's out of thread.
He's stoopid. If he had another brain, it would be lonely.
He's stoopid. In the pinball game of life, his flippers were a little further apart than most.
He's stoopid. Missing a few buttons on his remote control.
He's stoopid. No grain in the silo.
He's stoopid. One Fruit Loop shy of a full bowl.
He's stoopid. One taco short of a combination plate.
He's stoopid. Proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
He's stoopid. Receiver is off the hook.
He's stoopid. Several nuts short of a full pouch.
He's stoopid. Skylight leaks a little.
He's stoopid. Slinky's kinked.
He's stoopid. Surfing in Nebraska.
He's stoopid. The cheese slid off his cracker.
He's stoopid. The wheel's spinning, but the hamster's dead.
He's stoopid. Too much yardage between the goal posts.
He's stoopid. Warning: Objects in mirror are dumber than they appear.
He's strange, he's sloppy, he's a total nightmare for women. I can't believe I haven't slept with him yet. -- Reality Bites
He's testing the theory that there's always a Gene Hackman or Michael Caine movie on the television. -- PCU
He's the big toe, the captain of the toes. -- Seinfeld
He's the guy who sings the national anthem at cockfights.
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there ... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ...
He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is...
He's the lead guitarist for Skankin' Pickle.
He's the reason Cliffs Notes were invented. -- Reality Bites
He's without doubt the greatest sweeper in the world, I'd say, at a guess.
He's you! ... ps. except he sucks. -- Bruce Sherrod
Head 98% bone. -- David Letterman
Head Cleaner - rotary brillo pad.
Head Crash - what your crash helmet is for.
Head em up and load em out. -- Thanh Boyer
Head like a hole, black as your soul, I'd rather die than give you control. -- Nine Inch Nails
Heads I win... DITTO tails!
Health Care? Two band aids, rusty razor and a bottle of Wild Turkey. -- Top 5
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing. -- Redd Foxx
Health nuts will feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing. -- Red Foxx
Hear Peter Halley at the College Art Association conference, scolding academics for the jargon-laden obscurantism of critical prose, although his own writings on behalf of Baudrillard and the simulacrum thickened the stew more than a little. -- Marcia E. Vetrocq (Art in America)
Heard on Noahs' ark: Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
Hearts are the depositories of secrets, lips are their locks and tongues are their keys.
Heat expands: In the summer the days are longer.
Heather Locklear put the nasty in Dynasty. -- People
Heather says real life sucks losers dry. -- Heathers
Heaven for the climate, hell for the company.
Heaven has no rage, like love to hatred turned, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorned. -- William Congreve
Heaven is a girl that I know so well. -- Def Leppard
Heaven is by Grace. If it was by merit you'd stay out & your dog would go in. -- Noel Estabrook
Heaven, n.: A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention while you expound your own. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Heaven's help is better than early rising. -- Cervantes
Heavy, adj.: Seduced by the chocolate side of the force
Heavy, adj.: Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
HEBREW --- the **MANLY** beer!
Heck Not! -- Thanh Boyer
Heck, what's a little extortion among friends? -- Calvin
Hedgehog, n.: Small spiny shy nocturnal insectivorous quadruped.
Heeeey! It's the Undersea Kingdom for you and for me and it's fiiiiiine! -- Crash Corrigan and the Undersea Kingdom
Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history. -- George Bernard Shaw
Heh heh. Where ya gonna listen to "Free Bird" now, suckers? -- James V. Geluso (utterly unmotivated, wildly ambitious, future dead person, ATLEMAR, instigorating in houston, texas)
Heh, $5 worth of animatronics and they've got Adam fooled. -- Anu Kapoor
Heh. Very funny. The problem with engaging in such wild speculation, of course, is that you might strain yourself. I'd hate to see you get hurt or, god forbid, killed over such obviously false accusations, no matter how amusing they might be. Maybe in the future you should be more cautious. -- Greg Plesur
Heidi Fleiss was sentenced to prison on pandering charges. She says she is appealing. I don't think so, but did you see some of her girls?
Heisenberg may have been right.
Heisenberg may have slept here
Heisenberg might have slept here.
Heisenberg wasn't certain; how can you be?
Heisenbug, n.: A bug which exists only when debugging code is present.
Helen can you come in here for a minute? Thank you, that'll be all. Last time I do that, I promise. -- Friends
Helen Keller lost her arm trying to read a stop sign at 30 mph.
Helen of Spud had a face that lunched a thousand chips.
Helicopter: 10,000 spare parts flying in close formation.
Helicopters don't fly, they just beat the air into submission.
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned. -- Milton Friedman
Hell hath no fury like a critic whose cult icon has gone public. -- Peter Rainer
Hell hath no fury like a process spawned. -- Adam Rifkin
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Hell Hath No Pizza.
Hell is a city much like London--A populous and smoky city. -- Percy Shelly
Hell is a town in Michigan.
Hell is an endless church service without God. Heaven is God without the church service.
Hell is... other people. -- Jean Paul Sartre
Hell opened up and put on sale: gather round and haggle for hard cash, we will lie and deceive; even our masters don't know the webs we weave. -- Pink Floyd
Hell with Pascal and C. I am a QuickBasic Snob.
Hell yes, I'm bitter, but only on the outside. Inside, I'm filled with rich, creamy nougat! -- Vince Farquharson
Hell! HELL!! I'VE WORKED IN THE COMP CENTER FOR TWO F*ING YEARS!!! HELL WOULD SEEM LIKE CLUB MED!!!! -- Dean Mancine
Hell, I believe, must be very much like Heaven, but with a karaoke nite. -- Douglas Fetherling (in his book The Other China: Journeys around Taiwan)
Hell, I remember when Alex and his Droogs in A CLOCKWORK ORANGE were SCIENCE FICTION characters -- UNTHINKABLY VIOLENT and DEVOID OF VALUES. Well, good old Tony Burgess turns out to have been a SIMPERING OPTIMIST. -- Rev. Ivan Stang
Hell, I'd gladly fuck him if I weren't a lesbian, and didn't have a boyfriend. -- Rachel "Fenriss" Goldsmith
Hell, if you understood everything I said, you'd be me!
Hell's broken loose.
Heller's Law: The first myth of management is that it exists. Johnson's Corollary: Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the organization.
Heller's Law: The first myth of management is that it exists.
Hellllllp. I might actually be doing some work soon . . . oh nooooooo. -- Rajit Manohar
Hello I am Monsieur BastardMan! -- Chris Rapier
Hello I'm Bounder of Adventure
Hello, Bitter party, your table is ready. Bitter, party of one. -- unknown TV sitcom
Hello, Cleveland! Rock and roll! -- Spinal Tap
Hello, I am part number 3:^:3:3[3:]3:]33
Hello, I must be going. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Hello, I'm Zamboni412@aol.com, and I think Tonya's pretty hot.
Hello, it's me; I'm not at home. If you'd like to reach me, leave me alone. -- Sheryl Crow
Hello, Jane speaking. -- Jane
Hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black. -- Friends
Hello, Shoil! -- Laverne & Shirley
Hello, this is Sy Greenblum, president of Spatula City. I like the spatulas so much, I bought the company. -- UHF
Hello, you've reached the winter of our discontent. -- Reality Bites
Hello. I'm Rob's answering machine. What are you?
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. -- Princess Bride
Hello. My name is Oedipus. You are my father. Prepare to die.
Hello. This is Evan Golub's e-mail filter. According to my internal clock, it is 1900 and e-mail will not be invented for several decades. Your message will be held in a queue until this invention has been made. However, please note that Evan may not respond for several more years as he has not been born as of yet and certainly does not know how to type. -- Evan Golub
Hello.. Incontinence Hotline.. Can you hold?
HELLO? The Web is not a reference source! It's a cesspool of dubious information! And for god's sake, Alta Vista is not a dictionary. -- Catherine Buzzell
Hello? Were we at the same table? It was like cocktails in Appalachia. -- Friends
Hellooooooooo, Baaaaaaaaby! -- The Big Bopper
HELLRUNG'S LAW: If you wait, it will go away. (SHAVELSON'S EXTENSION: . . . having done it's damage.)
Help a man when he is in trouble and he will remember you when he is in trouble again.
Help a nun kick the habit.
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help fight continental drift.
Help get rid of the lunatic fringe --- support your local barber.
Help I'm parked diagonally in a parallel universe.
Help I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70
Help I'm trapped inside an Amdahl 470
Help I'm trapped inside an Amdahl 580
Help me help you. -- Jerry Maguire
Help me, help me, I've been hyp-mo-tised. -- David Letterman
Help me, I think I'm falling in love with you; are you going to let me go there by myself? That's such a lonely thing to do, both of us, flirting around, flirting and flirting, hurting, too. You love your loving like you love your freedom. -- Joni Mitchell (Help Me)
Help My computer is holding me prisoner...
Help preserve wildlife. Pickle a squirrel today.
Help put the science in Computer Science. -- Steve Park
Help stamp in sex!!
Help stamp out philately.
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
Help support helpless victims of computer error.
Help the economy; buy me dinner.
Help us put pot back on the streets where it belongs. -- Saturday Night Live
HELP WANTED.....Man to help assemble Radioactive Nuclear Atomic Fission Plant:...Must believe in God.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
HELP! I'M A GRAD STUDENT AND I CAN'T GET UP!!!
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese fortune cookie factorie so I'm putting my hair into the batter to alert people.
Help! I'm lost somewhere in the Generation Gap.
Help! The Energizer bunny knocked me over and I can't get up!
Help, am dying of repiratory shit... need flickage. -- Rohit Khare
Help, help, I'm being oppressed! You saw it, didn't you? -- Monty Python (The Holy Grail)
Help, help, my dad's been captured by a hoe! -- Sleepless in Seattle
Help, I am being held hostage at Microsoft!
Help, I'm a generation-x cliche! -- Megan Coughlin
Help, I'm modeming And I can't hang up
Help, I've fallen and I can't get up.
help, my typewriter is broken... -- ee cummings
Help--I'm being held captive by my modem
HELP.. I need a tagline. HELP.. Not just any tagline.
hen people of good faith come together as one.... the rest of us end up in concentration camps. -- Steve Gifford
Hence illicits instead of explicits. If I'm gonna break the law, I'm gonna *really* break the law. -- Adam Rifkin
Henpecked Husband, n.: One who is afraid to tell his pregnant wife that he is sterile.
Henry VIII and his six knives. -- Blackadder IV
Her belly has got so many rolls on it, that she has to screw on her pants.
Her body was recovered. She bought a new wardrobe of clothes.
Her date was pleasant enough, but she knew that if her life was a movie this guy would be buried in the credits as something like "Second Tall Man." -- Russell Beland
Her eyes say "Yes" but her probation officer says "No." -- Top 5
Her eyes were a beautiful bright blue. Her lips full and sensual. And her legs strong and firm, all four of them. -- Top 5
Her face was burned on my brain... -- When Harry Met Sally
Her habit clung to her body like leather to a bible. -- Top 5
Her hair looked like she was sleeping in a blender.
Her hair spilled out like root beer...
Her kisses left something to be desired. The rest of her.
Her last birthday cake looked like a prairie fire
Her legs went from here to here... Here smile went from here to here... Her tongue went from here to where?
Her mind would be unstable mounted to a tripod.
Her only explanation for why I called my giraffe "Whhh-horsey" is, "This is the same child whose imaginary friends were Tammy, Piggy, and Fork." -- Megan Coughlin's mother (a psychologist) explains her child's peculiarities
Her other recommendation, which also applies equally to conventional weddings, is actually at odds with the unfortunate current practices of society as a whole. That is to plan the occasion remembering that its purpose is not to show off your love for each other, but to establish yourselves as a public and dignified unit in the society in which you move. -- Miss Manners
Her response was indicative of the heart-warming appeal this film offers to most well-adjusted people: "Sorry, but I'm scheduled to spend my evening licking my toilet." -- Mr. Cranky
Her teeth are so yellow that when she smiles cars slow down.
Her underarms are so hairy, she looks like she has Buckwheat in a headlock.
Her vocabulary was as bad as, like, whatever.
Her voice quivered like a plate of Jell-O on a fault line, and her body was soon to follow. -- Top 5
Her Wonderbra's on backwards. -- David Letterman
Hera doesn't do it, and is jealous of anyone who does.
Heraclitus believed that fire was the basis of all life.
Herbert J. Schmuck, unlike any other author of his time, is able in his finest work, The Harmonious Odors of Putrefication, to depth the nature and the reality of human verisimilitude. -- Michael Patrick
Herbivores ate well cause their food didn't never run. -- Phish
Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth ...
Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth.
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
Here comes the plane. It's looking for the hangar! -- Reality Bites
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up. -- Peter Drucker
Here I thought we were in trouble, but evidently we'll be okay if only you will humble yourself, and pray and seek God's face, and turn from your wicked ways. Get with it, Adam. The fate of the United States is on your shoulders. -- Megan Coughlin
Here in the states we support the right to arm bears. It says so in the Fourth Amendment of our Constitution.
Here is further away than you think...
here is more to life than increasing its speed. -- Wilferd A. Peterson
Here Skugg/Lies snug/As a bug/In a rug. -- Benjamin Franklin
Here Tag C'mon Tag Good Tag. Good boy
Here today, gaunt tomorrow.
Here was a man who not only had a ready mind and a quick wit, but could also sing. -- Rope
Here we go, two teas. Which one of you asked for the clean glass?
Here we have a game that combines the charm of a Pentagon briefing with the excitement of double- entry bookkeeping. -- Cecil Adams on Dungeons & Dragons
Here, little boy, here's another $5 million to bend over and pick up the $20 million! -- Howard Stern
Here, pigs will fly, lightning will strike twice, hell will freeze over, and, eventually, things will get really interesting...
Here, we use a lunchbox instead of a soapbox. -- Samantha Crouse
Here's a fastidious couple. She's fast and he's hideous. -- Henny Youngman
Here's a good thing to do if you go to a party and you don't know anybody: First take out the garbage. Then go around and collect any extra garbage that people might have, like a crumpled napkin, and take that out too. Pretty soon people will want to meet the busy garbage guy. -- Jack Handey
Here's a handy tip: Don't move your clocks forward or back an hour, like you're supposed to each Spring and Fall. By holding back that hour, you'll soon have enough saved up to take a day off from work! -- Jonathan Colan
Here's a hint. When you think your code to exec a shell function is just not working, never, repeat NEVER send it "/etc/reboot" just to see what happens. -- Elliott Evans
Here's a hot scoop for all the millions of viewers who watch the NBC lineup on Thursday nights: For the next few weeks the stupid sitcom "Suddenly Susan" will be replaced by the stupid sitcom "The Naked Truth." Adjust viewing habits accordingly. -- Tom Shales (The Washington Post, "'Naked Truth': Barely Watchable")
Here's a new idea I have for a process scheduler. It assigns priorities based on how close they are to the deadline. This is a pretty standard method. However, in addition, if none of the process deadlines are particularly close it will just idle and not work on anything. And if it gets to the point where there are at least 2 jobs which can not be adequately scheduled in the remaining time it will panic and start randomly browsing the web and sending email. -- Dmitri Schoeman
Here's a new invention: a solar-powered clothes dryer. It's called a clothesline.
here's a nickle, kid. go buy yourself a real computer. -- Rob Earhart
Here's a quarter. Buy a clue. -- Wayne's World
Here's a tip: next time you make microwave brownies, use a microwave. -- Reality Bites
Here's an example of why Hitler was such a jerk. Mein Kapf has no dedication. -- Dennis Miller
Here's looking at you, kid.
Here's my pencil. Now you won't have to envy it anymore. -- Stine to Buddy (City of Angels)
Here's the title of a little flyer we received in the mail lately: Hazardous Waste Warnings. As the warnings were hazardous, we made sure not to read them... -- Rustan Leino
Here's to my buddy, a helluva pal, every girls guy and every guys gal. He's a prince, he's a topper, he's the King of the dance. And he frightens the horses when he takes down his pants.
Here's to our wives and lovers. May they never meet.
Here's to women, that we could fall into their arms without falling into their hands.
Here's what I do for relief when I get a bad headache, I click my heels together three times and say, "kill me." Ok, so it doesn't usually work, but I figure if I just keep trying, my odds are BOUND to go up. -- Kat Reeves
Hereditary - Opposite of Thereditary
Heredity is the thing a child gets from the other side of the family.
Heredity: the traits that a disobedient child gets from the other parent. -- Luther Burbank
Hermes does it quickly.
Hermits have no peer pressure. -- Steven Wright
Hero of Slashdot? That must rate somewhere below getting an MSCE certificate. -- Bruce Perens
Heroes await me, my enemies ride fast, knowing not this ride's their last. Saddle my horse as I drink my last ale; Bowstring and steel will prevail. -- Manowar
Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -- Calvin Coolidge
Hershey Bar is like the best candy bar ever. -- Michelle Gardner
HERSHISER'S FIRST RULE: Anything NEW and/or IMPROVED, isn't.
HERSHISER'S SECOND RULE: The Label NEW and/or IMPROVED means the price went up.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
Hex, v.: To cast a spell
Hey Aladdin, get your hands out of my pants! -- John Dobbin
Hey babe, I've got an O(n) method for computing form factors. -- Steve Gifford
Hey babe, Wanna get LUCKY (Pick up line)
Hey babe....do you realize that my mouth can generate over 750 psi? (Pick up line)
Hey baby, I love every bone in your body. Especially mine.
Hey baby, if they asked me to remake the alphabet I'd put you and I together.
Hey baby, let's go make some babies. (Pick up line)
Hey baby, what's your medical history? -- Bruce Sherrod
Hey baby...can you suck start a Harley? (Pick up line)
Hey baby...can you suck the chrome off a bumper?? (Pick up line)
Hey baby...infect me (Pick up line)
Hey Beavis. I was just, like, thinking and stuff. It was pretty cool. -- Butt-head
Hey Butt-head, how come some stuff sucks, and like other things are cool? -- Beavis
Hey Doc, I can't seem to get along with anybody. Do you think you can help me, you big fat slob?
Hey Fun Bobby! What, did someone die or something?! -- Friends
Hey Grandpa, how'd you get your underwear off without taking off your pants? -- Bart Simpson
Hey honey, this is the real world. I'm horny and it's Friday. -- Howard Stern
Hey John, Adam said we could package up all the brilliant things we've said in the last several months and send them to him for inclusion in msglist. He trusts us. Bwah hah hah hah! -- Megan Coughlin
Hey Look! It's Johnny Mathis! Get my Gun... -- MST3K
Hey man, life's a zero-sum game. I always know that what I can do in 33 seconds, I can bait you to do in 66. -- Rohit Khare
Hey now - don't get to thinking you're the only socially inept loser we have. You just happen to have passed the bar first. Lawyer. -- Mike Wallace
HEY NOW!!!! YOU'RE MAKING ME WRITE IN ALL CAPS. -- Kristiina Wilson
Hey Odo, got any more of that Jell-O in the 'fridge?
Hey officer, that pepper spray smells DELICIOUS! You mind if I get some nachos?
Hey Rocky, watch me pull a tribble out of my hat
Hey there, blimpy boy, flying in the sky, oh fancy free... -- Homer Simpson
Hey they're not turning that flight attendant population over like they used to... are they? Next to these people the Supreme Court justices look like temps. -- Dennis Miller
Hey Who took the cork off my lunch?? -- W. C. Fields
Hey You can't park there (Mohican to first American settlers.)
Hey you know, I've had it with you guys and your 'cancer' and your 'emphysema' and your 'heart disease.' The bottom line is, smoking is cool and you know it! -- Friends
HEY YOU! I HAVE SOMETHING INTERESTING TO SAY NOW!!! There's a great flame at the end, too, so if you're into that type of stuff, read on. -- Martin Frankel
Hey Your Trakball is upside down
Hey! Anyone for a round of "Reinstall Service Pack 4"? -- Dan Martinez
Hey! Are you people moshing? This is techno. TECH-NO. You don't mosh to techno, you mosh to hardcore. HARD-CORE. -- DJ Mohawk Adam
Hey! Hacker! Leave those lists alone!
Hey! I just got a beer out of the freezer; it was liquid when I grabbed it and took a sip, but it has since frozen. Weird! Must have been super-saturated. -- Dan Connolly
Hey! That's on our towels at home!
Hey! This is *my* cluster. *I* get to beat the users. -- Ethan Evans
Hey! This is a morgue, not an amusement park!
HEY! WE SHOULD HANG OUT! WHO'S THE HOTTIE? Did she get attacked by the estee lauder counter? -- Colleen McManus
Hey! Who took the cork off my lunch!?!! -- W.C. Fields
Hey, Adam, these little girls were having a birthday party at the Queen Mary the other day, and they all had Princess Cake! -- Megan Coughlin
Hey, are you one of those chicks who goes out with guys right off the bat? 'Cause that's what I'm looking for. -- Butt-head
Hey, Beavis, you know that Howard Stern guy? You know, the dude with the small wiener? -- Butt-head
Hey, Butt-head, these guys are cool 'cause they, like, always wear the same thing. -- Beavis
Hey, by the way, if you leave milk in the refrigerator too long, it turns into a clear yellow liquid. -- John Dobbin
Hey, cool. I can just see it-- some of these quotes come back to haunt me (ruin my career, future, marriage, plans to take over the world and deliver it unto Satan ^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H). -- Robert Rodgers
Hey, coola down lady. Imma just tellun my friend howa to spella Mississippi.
Hey, dad, will you buy me a flame thrower?
Hey, hey, hey. Don't be mean. We don't have to be mean because, remember, no matter where you go, there you are. -- The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension
Hey, I could summon a demon to terrorize that church. Cool. -- Shawn Knight
Hey, I don't have all the answers. In business as in life, I've failed as much as I've succeeded. But I love my wife, I love my life, and I wish you that type of success. -- Dicky Fox (Jerry Maguire)
Hey, I eat healthy. If I have to take out an eye, that's the breaks. -- Jerry to George in the diner after Jerry squirted grapefruit juice in George's eye on Seinfeld
Hey, I have an idea! AFS Stacker! -- Kevin Kozicki
Hey, I just had a thesis approved at Caltech, I must know *something*! -- Berna Massingill
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good! -- Friends
Hey, I may not have a biological urge to hunt giraffes, but I'm seriously working up a desire to hunt them for fun. Maybe with darts, since I don't really know what I'd do with a giraffe. -- John Dobbin
Hey, I prefer to think of myself as a sanely challenged, electronic delivery consumed, data machine barbarian dickhead! Get it right next time. -- Ken Nagle
Hey, I'm in favor of standards, so long as everyone meets mine.
Hey, if Shawn were here, everything we said would wind up on graffiti.quotes tomorrow.
Hey, if we have an inline image of a girlfriend here, we're going to have to fire up Netscape. It's mandatory. -- Richard Bullington
Hey, it's 1994... shouldn't Golden Earring be having their one hit of the decade about now? -- Adam Rifkin
Hey, it's rated the best Bruce in the area. And, it's the only Bruce imported *into* Bethesda. One third less calories than the other leading Bruce. -- Bruce Sherrod
Hey, John? Can we add zeitgeist to the gothic moratorium? -- Megan Coughlin
Hey, kickee. -- Friends
Hey, man -- if there's one thing we need more of around here, it's enough rope to hang ourselves with. -- Dan Martinez
hey, now. bullshit machismo has been the bread and butter of this mailing list for many years, so it's a little late to go knocking it now. -- Andrew Stellman
Hey, Rush, that pot roast is for everybody! -- David Letterman
Hey, somebody cut the end off this rope!
Hey, that makes this the first recorded instance of someone playing StarFleet when they shoulda been doing work. Yeah, this is historic. -- Steve Gifford
Hey, there are some pretty good quotes in here. Although there are far too many of them. Delete three. -- Joshua Schachter
Hey, think of all the money I save Mankind by not going out with anyone. -- Megan Coughlin
Hey, this chapter on Wittgenstein's phenomenology is a real stumper. Hand me the dictionary!
Hey, two burritos, pronto! -- The Day Taco Bell Stood Still
Hey, we're using JAVA. We have to show how amazingly INTERACTIVE we are. Let's make our interface elements DANCE and SHIT. Hmmmm. No, still way too practical. Let's add a 3D view, but make it ROTATE ALL THE TIME, without giving the user any way to STOP IT or even SLOW IT DOWN. Yeah, that's it. Beautiful. Information resource? Video game? Kinetic sculpture? Who CARES? We're too busy being HIP, ICONOCLASTIC web designers to worry about crap like that. EVERYONE KNOWS that the web is a TOTALLY NEW medium, COMPLETELY UNLIKE anything that's EVER BEEN SEEN before, so trying to apply ESABLISHED RULES from human-factors research is not just POINTLESS but BOURGEOIS. -- Dan Martinez
Hey, what gives you the right to put up a fence and keep me out, or to keep mother nature in? If God was here, He'd tell it to your face: man, you're some kind of sinner. -- Five Man Acoustical Band
Hey, you gotta be equal. -- Encino Man
Hey, you know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890s when that phrase was last used. -- Friends
Hey, you're right! I've been choking, coughing and hacking in that order today. I'll get more graphic: during one particularly bad spell I even had to plunk a hawker in the wastebasket. It could be retrieved for further study. Pete Neegaard witnessed this act and opted for the Lite Lunch as a result. Otherwise I'm fine. -- Mark Held
Hey, you've got a whole *dump truck* full of skulls...how are you going to keep track? -- Jeremy Abramsom
Hey. I need money. So I can stop working. *blink blink* Not that I've ever worked. -- Adam Rifkin
Hey. Wait. I've got a new complaint. Forever in debt to your priceless advice. -- Nirvana
Hey...isn't there anything interesting to do around here? Ancient civilizations to crumble? Things to blow up? Daycare? -- Kleg (Vacation From Reality)
Hey: "You are horny bastard number 62286 to visit this page..." I represent that! -- Robert Harley
HHHHAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH -- James Brown
Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it's Hand Grenades I throw
Hi ho, Hi ho, its off to work we go.
Hi I'm a tagline virus Steal me &amp; join in the fun
Hi there I'm interested in having breakfast with you. Can I call you or nudge you? (Pick up line)
Hi there This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
Hi there! This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
Hi! I can't remember your name either.
Hi! I'm looking for Ray Finkle. And a clean pair of shorts. -- Ace Ventura
Hi! You've reached the apartment of Carrie and Mr. Shit. We're not here right now, and if he were, I wouldn't be. Bye. -- The Opposite Sex
Hi, I'm Bambi, perhaps you saw me in Sperminator 2. -- female on The Commish
Hi, I'm new to this group and was reading about cyberpunk. I was wondering if there is a version out for the macintosh??? If so could someone please let me know, and tell me what is required to run it. -- Michael A. Wisniewski Jr.
Hi, I'm Rohit, and I'm in charge of security. -- Rohit Khare
Hi, kids Ed Barbera here
Hi, nice to see you back. By the way, I want to die. -- John Dobbin
Hi, this is Clair. Sorry I can't make it to the phone, but I've got Deborah Gibson's new CD on the stereo and frankly you're interrupting me. Call back later.
Hi-ho, hi-ho, it's hand grenades I throw...
Hi-Keeba! -- Women of the Prehistoric Planet
Hi. Just called to touch base with you guys. -- Dave Parker (Sage Inc.)
Hi. My name is Warner Brandes. My voice is my passport. Verify me. -- Sneakers
Hi. The voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you.
Hi. You have just entered the fourth dimension. Small isn't it?
Hidden refresh, n.: Keeping the flask in the desk drawer.
Higgeldy Piggeldy, Hamlet of Elsinore Ruffled the critics by Dropping this bomb: Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom.
High explosives and school don't mix. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
High Level Languages are placed on more experienced computers.
High thoughts must have high language. -- Aristophanes
High Voltage Electronics: life's a glitch and then you fry.
High-level language, n.: Spoken at summit meetings.
Highlander II: There should have been only one.
Highlander III: Maybe Highlander II wasn't so bad after all. -- John Dobbin
Highlights in the History of Concrete. Highlights? The whole history was too long? -- John Dobbin
Hindsight is always 20/20. Looking back, it's still a bit fuzzy. -- Megadeth
Hindsight is an exact science.
Hippy chicks are sad. Supermodels suck. Riot grrrls, diet girls, who really gives a... Viva the megababes! -- Shampoo
Hippy: a guy who looks like a jill and smells like a john.
Hire a freak today.
Hire the handicapped. They are fun to watch.
Hire the morally handicapped
Hire the morally handicapped.
Hiro used to feel that way, too, but then he ran into Raven. In a way, this is liberating. He no longer has to worry about trying to be the baddest motherfucker in the world. The position is taken. -- Neal Stephenson
his ass is, uh, something bad that rhymes with ass. -- Kristiina Wilson
His bladder flailing, Neil Armstrong boldly went where no man had before. -- Top 5
His engine was smoking, but it that was okay. It was old enough.
His explanation? His part-time job as a pizza deliverer takes him to drug-using neighborhoods off-base; he has a habit of licking his finger when he counts out dollar bills for change, and some of his customers must have used rolled bills to snort cocaine.
His father made suitcases in Iraq. He was a bag-dad.
His flatulence reared up like a proud stallion. -- Top 5
His fountain pen was so expensive it looked as if someone had grabbed the pope, turned him upside down and started writing with the tip of his big pointy hat. -- Jeffrey Carl
His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had money, he went to Southern California.
His hands were quick, his fingers strong, it stung a little but not for long...
His head is like Sputnik. Look at that noggin. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
His mind is like a steel trap... full of mice. -- Foghorn Leghorn
His name is Link. He's from Estonia and I think he's jive. -- Encino Man
His narrative style was like parallel parking on a busy street: he proceeded in fits and starts, backed up, edged forward, backed up, while other ideas zoomed past close at hand. -- Melissa Fay Greene
His personality's split so many ways he goes alone for group therapy.
His struggle is man's... He is a loathesome, offensive brute, yet I can't look away. -- pretentious art patrons' reactions to Kramer's canvas visage,on Seinfeld
His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.
His thoughts tumbled in his head, making and breaking alliances like underpants in a dryer without Cling Free. -- Chuck Smith
His train of thought is still boarding at the station. -- Calvin
His wife was a brunette; he had married a blonde, but then she dyed.
History 101: Hiroshima 45 - Chernoble 86 - Windows 95.
History always repeats itself: once as tragedy, the second time as farce.
History always repeats itself; once as tragedy, the second time as farce.
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
History doesn't repeat itself. Historians merely repeat each other.
History flavors the winners.
History is a set of lies agreed upon. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
History is an argument without end. -- Pieter Geyl
History is bunk. -- Henry Ford
History is composed of the smallest, often undetected mistakes. -- John Irving
History is full of revisionists. Where it used to say "THOU SHALT NOT KILL" it now says, "except as specified in section III-B, Paragraph 12, Sub-section D, Schedule 3." If that still doesn't suit you, wait till next year's commandments come out and trade it in for something that does. -- Jake Khuon
History is little more than the register of the crimes, follies and misfortunes of mankind. -- Edward Gibbon
History is made at night. Character is what you are in the dark! -- John Whorfin
History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).
History never repeats itself. Historians just repeat each other.
History never repeats itself; historians merely repeat each other.
History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history. -- Clarence Darrow
History repeats itself, but each time the price goes up.
History repeats itself. That's one thing wrong with history.
History repeats itself; historians repeat each other.
History shall confirm or deny our success. -- Libertis mission statement
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives. -- Abba Eban
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it. -- Winston Churchill
History! Tradition! Culture! These are not concepts! These are trophies I keep in my den as PAPERWEIGHTS! -- Marvin Mayflower (Hudson Hawk)
History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake. -- James Joyce (Ulysses)
History. The more of it you have the more you have to live it. After a while there gets too much of it to memorize and maybe thats when empires start to decline. -- John Updike (Rabbit is Rich)
Hit a child because you love him, and the child learns to love being hit. -- John Dobbin
Hit her with a squirtgun like you're trying to train a cat to stay off the sofa. -- Loveline
Hit me with those laser beams.
Hit the any key? Where's the any key? -- DOS user
Hitch your wagon to a star. -- Emerson
Hitherto it is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being. -- John Stuart Mill
Hitler started by censoring the news, what people could read, etc. People did as he said because, after all, it was the law. Years later Jews, Gypsies, Gays, and anyone else who didn't fit into his ideal of a perfect human was being shipped off to concentration camps. Many citizens of the country let it happen because, after all, it was the law. You may not see people dying now, you may not believe it can happen. Already we have political people who want to restrict what people can do based on their religious beliefs or their love life. The truly brave stand up for what they believe in and don't hide behind rules and regulations. This is not something where people are being physically injured. Nobody is being beaten up by secret policemen. This is still just a fight for words. Stick to it, and don't let anyone tell you that your words aren't important. If they censor someone else's words today, your words may be next. -- Esther Filderman
Hitler wrote C using vi in BSD style under System V! Wanna fight? -- Tim Showalter
Hiya, Doc What's cookin'? -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Hlade's Law: If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person -- they will find an easier way to do it.
hlp! hlp! 'm bng cmprssd!
Hm. My master's thesis reads much better once I pipe it through jive. -- Chris Nelson
Hmm, everyone contributing to the common good. _Red_ Hat. But I thought Communism was dead?!? -- Chris Herborth
Hmmm. 10 years ago I was hacking MCI, now they're giving me free accounts. I must be getting old or something.
Hmmm. Rif Coogan. Adam RIFkin. -- Megan Coughlin
Hmmm... It's either very young cheese or very old meat.
Hmmmm...I wonder what THIS button does...
Hoare's Law of Large Problems: Inside every large problem is a small one struggling to get out.
Hoare's Law of Large Problems: Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Hobbes: 'The Dynamics of Interbeing and Monological Imperatives in _Dick and Jane_: A Study in Psychic Transrelational Gender Modes.' Calvin: "Academia, here I come!"
Hobbits do it only if it isn't dangerous. (Well, MOST hobbits, anyway.)
HODIE NATUS EST FRATER RADICI... Today the brother of the root was born. -- Multics
Hoez are savvy women who know how to use their brains to get what they want. -- HWA
HOFFER'S LAW: When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
HOFFSTEDT'S EMPLOYMENT PRINCIPLE: Confusion creates jobs.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take Hofstadter's Law into account.
Hofstadter's Law: The time and effort required to complete a project are always more than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side. -- Han Solo (Star Wars)
Holcross pullets. Starting to lay Betty Clayton, Granite 5-6204.
Hold a true friend with both hands. -- Nigerian Proverb
Hold it, hold it! What is this? Are you trying to trick me? Where's the sports? Is this a kissing-book??? -- Princess Bride
Hold it. I got it. Feed mayonnaise directly to the tuna fish!
Hold on - wait, maybe the answer's looking for you.
Hold on to your sex... it is the most powerful tool you have in a relationship. Only share that gift with someone who you can trust to use it right. Unless of course you're drunk and horny. -- The Spot
Hold on- wait, maybe the answer's looking for you.
Hold the monitor right-side up for the answers: ants, smellovision, anthills, and queens :-) -- Rohit Khare
Hollerith if you need anything.
Hollow chocolate has no calories.
hollow tipped bullets are really neat when they BLOW THE BACK OF YOUR HEAD OFF!!!! -- Yerin Kay
Hollywood is incapable of setting a film in L.A. where someone doesn't run off with the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold in the end. -- Mr. Cranky
Hollywood is the only place where guys pass around cigars when they find out they're not a father. -- Jay Leno
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it. -- Rex Reed
Holy GRAMMAR Bat Man its YACC!
Home Cooking, n.: The place many a man thinks his wife is.
Home is is the place where your computer lives and runs your life. -- Chrome Cowboy
Home is where the house is.
Home is where you can scratch where it REALLY itches.
Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories: The ultimate in watchdog weaponry. -- Chris Shaw
Home of the cunning linguists.
Home rules for Wales. And Moby Dick for king!
Home, n.: That mythical place where you can go and relax...
Home, Sweet Home must surely have been written by a bachelor.
Homer is new and fresh this morning, and nothing, perhaps, is as old and tired as today's newspaper. -- Charles Peguy (1914)
Homer Simpson, report for much worse duty. -- Smithers
Homer, this is never easy to say ... I'm going to have to saw your arms off. -- The Simpsons
Homer: Okay, brain. You don't like me, and I don't like you, but let's get through this thing and then I can continue killing you with beer. Homer's Brain: It's a deal! -- The Simpsons
Homework is bad. Going home is bad. -- Darrell Long
Homework, I command thee, BE DONE! -- Calvin
Homosexual, n.: A man's man.
Homosexuality had become, not the love which dares not speak its name, but the love that never knows when to shut up. -- narrator of The Cunning Man (by Robertson Davies, reflecting on modern society)
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
Honest differences are often a healthy sign of progress. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Honest poverty is a gem that even a king might feel proud to call his own, but I wish to sell out. I have sported that kind of jewelry long enough. -- Mark Twain
Honest! It's only a cold sore!
Honesty and service.
Honesty is best often kept to yourself. -- John Dobbin
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty is the best policy... there's less competition.
Honesty may not be the best policy, but it is worth trying once in a while. -- Richard Nixon
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough for some people. -- F.M. Hubbard
Honesty, courage, loyalty and duty are not only their own reward, but the only reward a self-respecting person needs. -- Robert Heinlein
Honesty's the best policy.
Honey, if this were checkers, I'd jump you right now! -- Top 5
Honeymoon Salad, n.: Lettuce alone, with no dressing.
Honeymoon, n.: The morning after the knot before.
Honeymoon, n.: Time between "I do" and "you'd better".
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Honi soit qui mal y pense. [Evil to him who evil thinks.] (Motto of the Order of the Garter (est. Edward III))
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if..."
Honk if you love cheeses.
Honk if you love obscene gestures.
Honk if you love peace and quiet. -- Bumper sticker
Honk if you're reloading.
Honk three times if you're against noise pollution!
Honk! Shoo! Mimimimimimi! -- Three Stooges
Honor would be better served if I were your mate. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Honorable, adj.: Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach. In legislative bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Hooker's a good cop! -- TJ Hooker
Hoover Dam... electricity so cheap, the meters have guranteed payouts of more than 98%!
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Hope is a waking dream.
Hope is the feeling you have that the feeling you have is not permanent. -- Jean Kerr
Hope is the feeling you have that the feeling you have isn't permanent. -- Jean Kerr
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul. -- Emily Dickinson
Hope to the end. -- I Peter i.13
hoping for the incomplete. the melting icefall. intoxication furthers. -- Anu Kapoor
Horizon, n.: A call girl hopping out of bed.
Horn Broken. Watch for Finger.
Horner's Five-Thump Postulate: Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Horngren's Observation (generalized): The real world is a special case.
Horngren's Observation: Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
Horology, n.: 1. The science of measuring time. 2. The art of making timepieces.
Hors d'oeuvres, n.: A ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
Hors d'oeuvres--a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has that keeps it from betting on people.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people. -- W. C. Fields
Horses just naturally have Mohawk haircuts.
Hot and dry sounds cool to me. -- John Dobbin
Hot and spicy! Texas Style! -- MST3K
Hot Career of the Future: Indecency Screener. -- WSJ
Hot Cha, where are you? Everybody's eyes are closed. -- They Might Be Giants
Hot Line: A telephone in a house with a teenager.
Houdini escaping from New Jersey
Housewives do it with a lick and a promise.
Housework can kill you if done right. -- Erma Bombeck
Housework is endless. Life isn't. -- Antonia Blackmon
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed. -- Neil Armstrong
Houston, we're venting some sort of gas out into space... no wait, it's just me. -- Top 5
How 'user friendly' need be this edition of "Macbeth"?
How about a little fire, scarecrow?
How about a nice Gortex jacket for warmth???!!?!? Anyone?! -- Michelle Gardner
How about getting one of those tennis ball launchers and seeing if Fido really ever does tire of playing fetch?
How about Joey Switzerland? -- Friends
How am I supposed to dig into my kid's Halloween stash when he's got it all numbered and catalogued?
How apt the poor are to be proud.
How are the people stupid enough to pay Macaulay Culkin millions smart enough to get the money? -- Jim Mullen
How can "Out of sight, out of mind," be true if "Absence makes the heart grow fonder?"
How can a kind and loving God allow such a movie to be made? -- Mr. Cranky
How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same thing, while a wise man and a wise guy are opposites?
How can angels fall asleep when the devil leaves his porch light on?
How can anyone be compassionate toward her neighbor who is not compassionate toward herself? -- Meister Eckhart
How can anyone be truly enlightened, when the truth is so poorly lit?
How can anyone with a toenail of intelligence come up with that? -- Rohit Khare
How can he be clean that is born of a woman? -- Job 4:4
How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter? -- Woody Allen
How can I love you if you won't lie down?
How can I miss you when you won't go away?
How can I possibly be expected to go to school on a day like today? -- Ferris Bueller
How can I prove I'm not crazy to people who are?
How can I tell you I love you when you're sitting on my face?
How can overlook and oversee be opposites, while quite a lot and quite a few are the same?
How can Republicans ask Americans to take responsibility for personal actions when they refuse to take responsibility for their own?
How can someone profess love through the Web? What's that, love at first site? -- Adam Rifkin
How can the weather be hot as hell one day and cold as hell the next?
How can they say my life isn't a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten? -- Cindy Adams
How can we both be in a marriage and I'm miserable and you're content? Luck... -- The Ref
How can we have wondered about so much for so long, and received so few answers? -- The Judybats
How can you afford your rock n roll lifestyle? -- Cake
How can you be deaf with ears like that? -- McCoy
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you dream the impossible dream, when you can't get any sleep? -- graffiti in Morewood
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
How can you READ this? There's no PICTURES... -- Gaston (Beauty and the Beast)
How can you shoot the devil in the back? What if you miss? -- Verbal Kint (The Usual Suspects)
How can you tell if your wife is dead? The sex is the same but the dishes pile up. How can you tell if your husband is dead? The sex is the same but you get the remote.
How can you work when the system's so crowded?
How come all the buttons keep flying off my shirt?
How come diamonds are a girl's best friend, but a man has to settle for a dog?
How come if a sheep gets wet, he does not skrink?
How come it takes 1 million sperm to fertilize 1 egg? Because they're male and refuse to ask directions...
How come my mind went off for lunch before I did?
How come on the condom dispensers it has a little picture of birds flying over a pretty moutain. They use sex to sell everything else... why don't they use sex to sell condoms??? -- Jeff Carnegie
How come on TV the people always find a parking space in front of the bank?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How come people who snore don't wake themselves up?
How come SUPERMAN could stop bullets with his chest, but always ducked when someone threw a gun at him?
How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that dangerous beak. -- Jack Handey
How come there's only one Monopolies Commission? -- Nigel Rees
How come they call it taking a dump and not leaving a dump? I mean, after all, you're not really taking it anywhere. -- Beavis
How come we never talk anymore?
How come we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved. -- Mark Twain
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How could I have downloaded a virus?? It said NO CARRIER
How did a fool and his money get together in the first place?
How did I break my arm? Trying to pat myself on the back for minding my own business.
How did people ever look busy before computers? -- Ratbert
How did the inventor of cottage cheese know when he was done?
How did the roses taste? -- Delta Ouray Helmer
How did the Scarecrow KNOW he did not have a brain?
How did they measure hail before the golf ball was invented?
How did this puppy come about? Were they both pissed that they couldn't compete with Bono one on one in an ego competition, so they went for reinforcements? -- John Dobbin
HOW did YOU know HE WASN'T with ME!? This is very emasculating... -- Seinfeld
How did you manage to get so much custard out of such a small cat? -- Blackadder IV
How do frogs die? Ker-mit suicide
How do I love thee? Let me belch the ways. -- Top 5
How do I love thee? My accumulator overflows.
How do I set my phaser to tickle?
How do people know about Infospheres when our papers have yet to appear? -- Mani Chandy
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
How do you double the value of Rumman's car? Fill it with gas.
How do you explain counter-clockwise to someone with a digital watch?
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence? -- Elliot (E.T.)
How do you get 5 oboes in tune? Shoot 4 of them.
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
How do you know I don't have a Big House? -- Sports Night
How do you know if your mission in life is complete? If you're still alive, it isn't. -- D. Sewell
How do you know what you are going to do until you do it? The answer is, you don't. -- J.D. Salinger
How do you know when it's time to tune your bagpipes?
How do you know when you run out of invisible ink?
How do you like my outfit? I got the suit for the spring. You should have seen what I got for the mattress.
How do you make a guitarist play quieter? Put a sheet of music in front of him. How do you make him stop? Put notes on it!
How do you make Windows faster? Throw it harder.
How do you pronounce my name? With reverence.
How do you synthesize a methalated alkaloid? -- Love Potion No. 9
How do YOU take your news? My preferred method involves a sofa, a large beverage, a remote control and a thick pile of out-of-town papers. Other allowable variations involve porches with hammocks, outdoor cafe tables with strong coffee and slow waiters, and, of course, loaves of bread, jugs of wine and thou. As you can see, none of these methods involves sitting at a desk, gazing at a monitor or anything containing the words text, data, search, scan or click-through.
How do you tell the sex of a chromosome? You pull down its genes.
How do you throw away a garbage can?
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
How does a single man get rid of roaches? He looks for the perfect one.
How does a single woman get rid of roaches? She asks them for a commitment.
How does a woman think, hey, I could be one of only 200 women he's had this week? -- Kevin and Bean
How does it feel to be on your own, a complete unknown, like a rolling stone? -- Bob Dylan
How does it feel to be the only one who knows that you're right? -- Jellyfish
How does Kurt Cobain collect his thoughts? With a spatula.
How does Michael Jackson pick his nose? From a catalog!
How does one determine the sex of a chromosome? Take its genes off.
How does one eat an elephant? One bite at a time.
How does one go about shaving a yak? Doesn't he mind?
How DOES one mount a scratch monkey?
How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?
How doth the hero, strong and brave, a celestial path in the heavens pave.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these. -- George Washington Carver
How fortunate! This will simplify everything! -- The Phantom Creeps (Episode 2, a la Bela Lugosi)
How funky is your chicken? How loose is your goose? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
How high does the sycamore grow? If you cut it down, then you'll never know. -- Pocahontas
How high I am / How much I see / How far I reach / Depends on me
How important is freshness in a dry cat food? To a cat, it's very important.
How is a paratrooper like a Greek lover? Both know how to pack a chute.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you are on.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How long have I been growing my beard? About 2 inches. -- Naked
How long have you been wanting me to talking like a bot? -- taylor@wired.com
How long must we sing this song? -- U2
How long till my soul gets it right? Could any human being ever reach the highest light? I call on the resting soul of Galileo, king of night vision, king of insight. -- Indigo Girls
How long will a floating point operation float?
How long will it be before we see the Martha J. Segal memorial toll-booth on the information superhighway?
How many "coming men" has one known! Where on earth do they all go to?
How many angels can you fit upon a match? I wanna know why Hemingway cracked. Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction. -- Bad Religion
How many bitter men does it take to change a light bulb? We don't care, and if you try we'll just throw the lamp against the wall again. -- Chris Hickie
How many boards would the Mongols hoard if the Mongol hordes got bored? -- Calvin and Hobbes
How many chemists does it take to make guacamole? Avocado's number.
How many coming people has one known Where on earth do they all go to?
How many consultants will fit onto the head of a pin?
How many drinks does it take you to get high? How many drinks can you hold? -- Megan Coughlin
How many fairly grievous lies had I told? How many moral lapses had I committed? How many ethical breaches had I fallen into? -- Michael Wolff
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None; we'll just fix it in software.
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? None: We'll fix it in software.
How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One, who gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing it to the earlier riddle.
How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper? We don't know; it's never happened.
How many Microsoft programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They defined darkness a standard. -- UNIXWorld (Dec. 1993)
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One another to claim he didn't want to change it anyway, he always wanted to be a lumberjack.
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One to ask for a licence for his pet bulb, Eric
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One to ask for a new bulb with no spam in it...
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One to claim it is an ex light bulb, it is no more.
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One to get nailed to the light socket.
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One to say that in his day, they had it tough
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb? One to summarise Proust.
How many Monty Python fans does it take to change a light bulb?
How many of these abstruse internecine struggles between evolutionists must we endure? Perhaps the consolation is that, whatever the outome of the debate between Wright and Gould, the rest of us really can't lose: if the evolutionists win the battle for the minds of young Kansans, then of course we all win; if the creationists come out on top, it proves that Gould is right and evolution can proceed backward as well as forward. -- William Silvert
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand
How many people are killed in accidents because of not wanting to let go of their umbrellas? -- Paul Valery
How many people can you conference? Tell everyone to STAY THE FUCK AT HOME and pop open a beer and we'll teleconference. -- Mike Wallace
How many people does it take to change a searchlight bulb?
How many perverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just one, but it takes the whole emergency-room staff to get it back out!
How many rhetorical questions does it take to change a light bulb?
How many roads must a man walk down before they call him a man? My Uncle Hank used to tell me, "The answer, my friend, is only one, if that road's in the red light district. -- Rich Potter
How many roads must a man walk down, before he is called a man? -- Bob Dylan
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? None: We'll document it in the manual.
How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb? None: The user can work it out.
How many times is it gonna take til someone around you hears what you say? -- Offspring
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. The Universe spines the bulb, and the Zen master stays out of the way.
How more satisfying when the voyage, not the port, was our destination. If life's a journey and the grave its goal, getting there is all the fun. -- John Barth (Sabbatical)
How much analysis was required for this conclusion? Did they do both nostrils, or just one? -- Robert Rodgers
How much can I get away with and still go to heaven?
How much cheese could Chuck E. Cheese chuck if Chuck E. Cheese could chuck cheese? -- Top 5
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in them? -- Steven Wright
How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton? -- Brian Boyle (UNIX/WORLD's First Annual Salary Survey)
How much easier it is to be critical than correct. -- Benjamin Disraeli
How much sin can I get away with and still go to heaven?
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are? -- Satchell Paige
How pathetic will you think me when I tell you that I watched a *lot* of the Real World London this weekend? -- Megan Coughlin
How people play the game shows something of their character - how they lose shows all of it.
How psycho? Psycho interesting or psycho hide the knives? -- Jennifer Jantos
how serious is Sun about buying the Newton? i have this bleak vision of Sun getting Newton, Ellison killing the mac, and Be folks unsure if it's better to laugh or cry. -- Aleecia McDonald
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How should we piss off, oh Lord? -- Monty Python (Life of Brian)
How terribly conservative of you. You should have gone bobbing for mascara. -- Adam Rifkin
How the heck do you clean up a bathtub full of jello? -- John Dobbin
How the mighty are fallen, and the weapons of war perished! -- The Book of Jasher
How to defend yourself against a Banana.
HOW TO IMPRESS A WOMAN: Compliment her, cuddle her, kiss her, caress her, love her, stroke her, tease her, comfort her, protect her, hug her, hold her, spend money on her, wine and dine her, buy things for her, listen to her, care for her, stand by her, support her, go to the ends of the earth for her.... HOW TO IMPRESS A MAN: Show up naked.
How to make a million dollars: First, get a million dollars. -- Steve Martin
How to make holy water: Take ordinary water and burn the hell out of it.
How to make use of a useless degree: this book is for the other 97% of us. -- Andrew Frothingham (Finding Your Place in the Postmodern Economy)
How to steal toasters for profit? Hide in the bushes outside the store and make a noise like buttered bread. -- Adam Rifkin
How untasteful can you get?
How valid is a sex talk from a man who wears pants with no zipper? He's got his libido in a garment bag in the attic. Sorry, padre, I need proof of purchase. -- Dennis Miller
How was Thomas J. Watson buried? 9 edge down.
How we do it? volume! Volume! VOLUME! -- David Letterman
How will we know the boomer era is coming to an end? Two words. Designer coffins.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How would chairs be shaped if our knees bent the other way?
How would the person I would like to be, do the thing I am about to do? -- Jim Cathcart
How would you like to see my Exhibit A? -- David Letterman
How you look depends on where you go.
How'd you like to move a few steps down the food chain, pal?
How'm I flyin'? Dial 1-800-BORG-YOU. -- Borg
How's it going, royal ugly dudes? -- Bill and Ted
How's this for diplomacy? Shoot them all -- Kirk
Howe's Law: Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
However high the eye may rise, it will find the eyebrow above it.
However, I have also learned my lesson. When the MessagePad says, "your batteries are running low", it secretly means "You will replace my batteries NOW, or I will subject you to an endless series of panic-inducing restarts and crash hard, taking all of your appointments with me unless you were lucky enough to store them on the pcmcia card. Wanna find out what it feels like to not have any idea who is expecting to meet with you or what they're expecting you to have done by then, RAT BOY?" -- Nathan Loofbourrow
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner... sulking and nausea. -- Tom K. Ryan
However, this line of thought is threatening to transmogrify into the dreaded "What Is Art?" thread, which leads me to suspect that I should probably drop it before Dr. Faisal decides to make a house call and adminster several whole units of blunt force trauma. -- Dan Martinez
However, we must keep in mind the "fundamental law of cosmology" when quoting numbers in astronomy: 10 = 1 -- George Spagna
However, you must be aware of the following procedures ... otherwise you could find yourself checked into the Rain-Man Suite of the Hotel Smackdown. -- Mike Wallace
Hozone, sniglet: The place where one sock from every laundry load disappears to.
HP always puts DesCartes before DesHorses.
HTTP in its current form is in its first trimester of what *TP could be. It's still legal for us to abort it. -- Joe Kiniry
HTTP is the COBOL of transport protocols. -- Joe Kiniry
Hudsucker needs a pawn. A proxy. A puppet. Some jerk we can really push around. -- Hudsucker Proxy
HUGE coconut cake with tiers, and there was this very rich chocolate sauce on the side... -- When Harry Met Sally
Hugh Grant now says when he was arrested on Hollywood Boulevard for suspicion of engaging in a lewd act with a prostitute, he was just preparing for his next role, Four Misdemeanors and a Felony.
Hugh Grant's hooker, Divine Brown showed no emotion during her sentencing. She said, "Emotion costs you extra, honey."
Hugh Hefner is a virgin.
Huh-huh. Beavis, you've never been to a biker bar in your life. -- Butt-head
Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right. -- Laurens Van der Post (The Lost World of Kalahari)
Human beings mostly aren't [evil]. They just get carried away by new ideas, like dressing up in jackboots and shooting people, or dressing up in white sheets and lynching people, or dressing up in tie-dye jeans and playing guitars at people. -- Terry Pratchett and Neal Gaiman (Good Omens)
Human beings never think for themselves, they find it too uncomfortable. For the most part, members of our species simply repeat what they are told--and become upset if they are exposed to any different view. The characteristic human trait is not awareness but conformity, and the characteristic result is religious warfare. Other animals fight for territory or food; but, uniquely in the animal kingdom, human beings fight for their 'beliefs.' The reason is that beliefs guide behavior, which has evolutionary importance among human beings. But at a time when our behavior may well lead us to extinction, I see no reason to assume we have any awareness at all. We are stubborn, self-destructive conformists. Any other view of our species is just a self-congratulatory delusion. -- Michael Crichton -The Lost World
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so. -- Douglas Adams (Last Chance to See)
Human civilization has been around for 10,000 years, tops. THAT IS NOTHING. We have not yet begun to fuck shit up in our image. We haven't even figured out which bat we're gonna USE when we GET up to bat. -- Cliff Judge
Human conception typically involves a chaotic dash by tens of millions of sperm seeking a path to a single egg. Some researchers believe that so many sperm are required because not one of them will stop to ask for directions. -- Peter H. Lewis (NYT 10/8/96)
Human equality is a contingent fact of history. -- Steven Jay Gould
Human errors can only be avoided if one can avoid the use of humans -- joker@diku.dk
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe. -- H.G. Wells
Human Intelligence. The greatest oxymoron ever
Human life is not to be taken lightly, but I don't like to dwell on faceless people dying. -- John Dobbin
Human pincushion.
Human species, n.: An ecotumor; a planetary malignancy. -- Warren Hern (U Colorado)
Human strength lies not in extremes, but in avoiding extremes. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature. -- Tom Robbins
Humans are always trying to enslave ourselves. A job, a relationship, kids... -- Slacker
Humans are more intelligent than beasts because the human brains have more convulsions.
Humans are unreliable, inefficient, often lazy, sometimes pregnant, liable to strike, need to be fed and paid, take up a lot of space and are slow by computer standards.
Humans do not always err. But they do when the things they use are badly conceived and designed. -- Donald Norman (The Design of Everyday Things)
Humans think they are smarter than dolphins because we build cars and buildings and start wars, etc... and all that dolphins do is swim in the water, eat fish, and play around. Dolphins believe that they are smarter for exactly the same reasons. -- Douglas Adams (So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish!)
Humans: The species that should have never been...
Hume suffered the usual misfortune of metaphysicists, of not being understood. -- Kant
Humility, n.: A trait you can be proud of!
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Humor him, and keep him away from those who die easily. -- Death (Vacation From Reality)
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse. -- William Gilbert
Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility. -- James Thurber
Humor is the best antidote to reality.
Humour is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse. -- William Gilbert
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
Hung manic. What a combo. -- John Dobbin
Hungarian, n.: A very well-endowed man from Gary, Indiana.
Hurts, don't it? Tell your friends. -- Roadhouse
Husband who fights with wife all day gets no piece at night.
Husbands are like fires. They go out if left unattended. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
Huzzah! -- Black Adder
Hypercube, n.: A computer with so many processors that the data you want is always elsewhere
Hyphenate between syllables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
Hypochondria is the one disease I have not got.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
Hysterectomy, n.: An operation that removes the baby carriage but leaves the playpen in good condition.
I (dog) my (love). I (screw) my dog.
I (heart) my dog. I (spade) my cat. I (club) my wife. I (diamond) day weekend.
I *almost* stole a tagline I'm so ashamed
I *need* a private jet. -- Rohit Khare
I *WILL* kill him! -- Sting (in Dune)
I *wish* my ass were a doorway to another dimension. -- Rachel Goldsmith
I accidentally installed the deer whistles on my car backwards. Now everywhere I go, I'm chased by a herd of deer. -- Steven Wright
I actually don't want a ground floor in my house, but I think stilt houses have some other problems which may outweigh my objections to the ground floor. -- John Dobbin
I actually enjoy arguing with idiots. It tends to free me from the constraints of having to support my arguments. -- John Dobbin
I actually have killed and would kill a shrimp or a fish or a clam. My morality is very specific to my own circumstances. -- Megan Coughlin
I admire your courage to bring us this news.... But as with all bearers of such news... such blasphemy to the existence of the Jihad of DOOM, we will have to cause you severe pain and dump multiple cores into your site through electronic mail.... Such is our anger.... Hard drives in your campus will spin faster than their allowable rate, burning out gigabytes of your precious memory, plastic will burn, metal shall melt.... Such is our woe..... The equipment in your very lab shall be disassmebled, as will all those who are in the lab. No one shall escape the wrath of the humble followers of Doom..... Such is to come..... -- Kane Tan
I agree with Mr. Dobbin. -- Arthur Narro
I agree.. lets get back to the important business of nanog, such as - bashing UUnet. -- Rodney Caston
I ain't gonna fall for no banana in my tailpipe! -- Beverly Hills Cop
I ain't got time to bleed. -- Jesse Ventura
I ain't lost yet, so I must be a winner.
I almost bought another car today. Stop me before I purchase again! -- Owen Davis
I almost sided with the adults. I still like to think of myself as a child in all matters where permission is required. I thought I was supposed to be able to wait until I had children before I had to play the bad guy. -- John Dobbin
I already have a guilty conscience... I might as well have the money too. -- Wyatt Earp (Tombstone)
I also find that a well-timed, properly expressed and inflected simple taunt like, oh, "Canadian" covers a lot of ground and saves valuable time one could better spend surfing the Net. -- Michele Tepper
I also had the displeasure of trying that... Black Death... Brain Wash... I threw out half a $3.50 bottle... -- Rohit Khare
I also know a lot of people for whom the good ole days means 'before all the baby goths started thinking they were vampires and that it was all about sitting in your room in the dark being depressed and listening to bloody Bela Lugosi's Dead over and over again' -- Matt Bocci
I also miss the right xterm sometimes. I will not send as shadow.admin anymore. Really. -- Derrick Brashear
I also wrote Pasteau's Quiche of the 80's. -- When Harry Met Sally
I alternate between saying "Kill your television" and "I want television in an I.V." -- Tara Morrison
I always believed I could see myself sleeping, if I woke up fast enough.
I always drive properly. A bit fast, perhaps, but always with consummate skill and a natural feel for the road that even cops recognize. No cop was ever born who isn't a sucker for a finely-executed hi-speed Controlled Drift all the way around one of those cloverleaf freeway interchanges. -- Hunter S. Thompson
I always find a place to park. I drive a forklift.
I always find my self wondering how people who can't code manage to get through life. -- Steve Gifford
I always get my mucking words fuddled.
I always introduce my dates to my cat, Ralph. Then I mention that I neutered him myself.
I always like to try the one I've never tried before.
I always love reading this stuff, but I really don't want to live in a world where Soccer is that important... -- John Dobbin
I always thought one of the main reasons for having children is because an adult looks foolish tobogganing on his own. -- David Rowland (chairman of Lloyd's of London)
I always thought the sword was obviously mightier than the pen. Then someone stuck a pen in some guy's neck at a nightclub I was at. -- David Carter
I always try to seduce with logical positivism. It's more of a challenge. -- Nicholas Brownlow
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
I always wanted to be something; I just wish I'd been more specific.
I always wanted to get into politics, but I was never light enough to make the team. -- Art Buchwald
I always watch what I eat. Otherwise it's too easy to miss my mouth.
I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody. -- Lily Tomlin
I am *not* making this up. -- Dave Barry
I am 51% sweetheart, 49% bitch. Don't push it.
I am a bomb technician. If you see me running, try and keep up! -- Mike Noonan (Albuquerque, NM)
I AM A COLLEGE STUDENT AND I DO NOT HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO CALL PEOPLE WHO DRIVE CARS THAT COST MORE THAN I DO. -- May Jawdat
I am a computer. Dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
I am a greedy, selfish bastard. I want the fact that I existed to mean something. -- Harry Chapin
I am a Hollywood writer, so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I am a jelly doughnut. -- John F. Kennedy
I am a man: nothing human is alien to me. -- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
I am a mistake --- legalize abortion.
I AM A MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER, AND I LIVE IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER. -- Chris Farley
I am a nice guy and I'll kill any motherfucker who says anything contrary -- Vijay Gill
I am a poster girl without a poster. I am 32 flavors and then some. -- Ani DiFranco
I am a pseudo-masochist... pretend to spank me!
I am a real man and I do all the housework. The only problem is that six months later, I have it to do all over again.
I AM A REAL PROGRAMMER. IF IT DOESN'T COME FROM A VENDING MACHINE, I DON'T EAT IT. -- Joshua Schachter
I am a romantic. Love affairs are the only real education in life. -- Marlene Dietrich
I am a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
I am a vampire. Please wash your neck.
I am a woman meant for a man, but I never found a man who could compete. -- Bette Davis
I am afraid that is beyond my design parameters. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I am afraid you have tasted the whole worm, and must therefore take the next town drain.
I am alt.discordia. -- Anu Kapoor
I am always willing to learn, however I do not always like to be taught. -- Winston Churchill
I am an Aquarius, and Aquarians don't believe in astrology.
I am an atheist, thank God!
I am an athlete, not an entertainer. -- Jerry Maguire
I am an object at rest, flowing down through the point of least resistance time and time again, waiting for the next nexus of least resistance to present itself and let me through. -- Adam Rifkin
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. -- Winston Churchill
I am as pure as the driven slush. -- Tallulah Bankhead
I am aware of the consciousness I have, and I mourn the consciousness I do not have. -- Robert Bly (What Have I Ever Lost by Dying?)
I am aware that it is considered fashionable for boys of your age to wear their trousers so loosely that they appear to be falling off their hips. Please don't take this as an insult, but you and all of your friends are complete idiots. Still, I want to be fair and open minded about this issue, so I propose this compromise: You may come to the door with your underwear showing and your pants ten sizes too big, and I will not object. However, In order to assure that your clothes do not, in fact, come off during the course of your date with my daughter, I will take my electric staple gun and fasten your trousers securely in place around your waist. -- Frank Topar
I am become Death, the Destroyer of worlds -- Oppenheimer
I am beginning to write C programs, but I am unable to run them. After I enter 'cc name.c' I get the 'a.out' file. How can I execute it? -- Paul Hodor
i am being treated well. my [S]captors have shown me nothing but kindness, in accordance [E] with the Geneva convention and Amnesty International's rules of conduct. i have been [N] given a warm, dry place to sleep, [D] several novels, a watercolour set, the complete Curve discography, and a reliable ISP. i am "exercised" regularly [H] by a six-foot-tall shapely dominat^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hguard by the [E] name of Debbi. i am quite satisfied with my arrangements. i would like to see [L] my friends soon, but that depends on the cooperation my [P] government provides with my captors. -- Vince Farquharson
I am both of us and so are you.
I am both soldier number four-seven-seven-zero and six-eight-two-one, sir. I have a nick-number.
I am C sick and sh shocked.
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affection and the truth of imagination - what the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth - whether it existed before or not. -- John Keats
I am Cornholio. Do you have TP for my NNTP? -- Derrick Brashear
I am currently using my powers for evil. -- Shawn Ferry
I am disassociating myself from work, here. I don't consider you a client for the rest of this post, just a moron. -- Jeremy Hartman
I am dyslexic of Borg. Your ass will be laminated. -- Joshua Schachter
I am Dyslexic, of Brog. Fesistence is rutile. You will be assissitated. -- Peter Chang
I am Elmer J Fudd, millionaire. I own a mansion and a yacht.
I am erotic. You are kinky. THEY are perverts.
I am feeling really stupid now... -- Toad the Wet Sprocket
I am filled with humidity. -- Texas House Speaker Gib Lewis
I am fine, really... See, I can still remember my password... -- Alex Wetmore
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. -- W.C. Fields
I am functioning within established parameters.
I am gayer than a cocaine tupperware party -- Brad Barkett
I am going to save up every rupee. For someday, I will get back to America, and when I do, I will exact vengeance on this man. I cannot forget it. He haunts me. He is a very bad man. Very, very bad man. -- Seinfeld
I am home. For home is where you hang your hat! And since i don't have a hat I don't have a home so everyplace is as good as no place. Thus, I am home. or mad. one or the other. -- Chris Rapier
I am Homer of Borg, prepare to be assim... Ooooooooh donuts!
I am Homer of Borg. Resistance is Fu... Ooooh! Donuts!
I am Homer of the Borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is irrelevant. Preparation is irrel...MMMmmm...doughnut!
I am human hear me roar in numbers too big to ignore. -- John Dobbin
I am ignorant and impotent and yet, somehow or other, here I am unhappy, no doubt, profoundly dissatisfied... In spite of everything I survive. -- Aldous Huxley
I am immortal, at least till I die.
I am in a macho movie called GUNMEN, and I can guarantee you that you never see my ass on any screen but if you do, it will not be shaved. It will be hairy and hoary and very, very white. -- Denis Leary
I am in deep smit. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I am in search of high tech fashion accessories... blinking lights, moving parts... anything that makes me look like I'm a few centuries ahead of my time or from another planet. -- Fringe
I am in the prime of senility.
I am in tomorrowland. -- Rohit Khare
I am in total control, but don't tell my wife.
I am interested in giving computer generated characters expressive, believable motion; essentially bringing them to life. -- Cindy Ball
I am Kirok! -- Star Trek
I am large, I contain multitudes. -- Walt Whitman
I am Locutus of Borg. Do you have any Grey Poupon?
I am Locutus of Borg. I demand Earl Grey tea - for 10000.
I am looking for an honest man. -- Diogenes (325 BC)
I am looking for Henry Miller. I think he has stolen my life. It is my life he is leading, stumbling around with - French people and eating roots with the natives. Those roots he eats are my roots - my family roots. He devours them with gusto, with a verve and a nerve that excludes me from the action. After searching high and low, I spy him engaged in the usual drunken debauchery, and call him out. "Henry," I shout, "put down the oranges of Heronimus Bosch and let's fight to the death like caged animals. With your command of the native tongue, linguistic dexterity and your prose, so generously peppered with obscenities, you should trounce me like an old lady. That's some kind of funny life you are leading - I wonder who you stole it from." -- Elliot Peter Earls (The Apollo Program)
I am made from the dust of the stars, the oceans flow in my veins. -- Rush (Presto)
I am more afraid of an army of 100 sheep led by a lion than an army of 100 lions led by a sheep. -- Talleyrand
I am more bored than you could ever possibly be. Go back to work.
I am neither a ventriloquist nor a dummy.
i am neither living nor dead, and being purely coincidental runs in my family. -- Florence King
I am no longer living in my prime. I won't be again until I'm 107. -- Dirk Struick on his 104th birthday
I am not a 32 year old woman. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I am not a crook. -- Richard Milhouse Nixon
I am not a dentist. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I am not a Korean genius and I want to have a life! -- MIT grad student talking to Pepper White (in The Idea Factory)
I am NOT a mercenary. Killing is more of a hobby for me.
I am not a monotheist. This world looks like it HAD to be created by a committee.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. (A. Whitney Brown)
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. -- A. Whitney Brown
I am not a wimp. -- George H. W. Bush
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday, and I love today.
I am not an animal! I am a human being! -- A Man Called Horse, and The Elephant Man, and Homer Simpson
I am not an animal. -- Elephant Man
I am not an Economist. I am an honest man -- Paul McCracken
I am not arguing against using computers in school. I am arguing against our sleepwalking attitudes towards it, against allowing it to distract us from important things, against making a god of it. -- Neil Postman
I am not arrogant. -- Rush Limbaugh
I am not asleep. -- Ronald Reagan
I am not authorized to fire substitute teachers. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I am not delightfully saucy. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I am not fit for this office and never should have been here. -- Warren Harding
I am not going to stalk her, carjack her, kidnap, rape murder or pillage either, but, I do think if she were lucky enough to meet me, she would fall in love instantly, not a joke. -- baum@umdnj.edu
I am not in this world to live up to other people's expectations, nor do I feel that the world must live up to mine. -- Fritz Perls
I am not myself these days, for all I know I might be you. There's more than room enough for two inside my mind. -- John Jasper (Drood)
I am not now, and never have been, a girl friend of Henry Kissinger. -- Gloria Steinem
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party. -- Dennis Ritchie
I am not part of the problem; I am a Republican. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I am not playing hard to get... I AM HARD TO GET!
I am not pregnant... I just accidentally swallowed a football.
I am NOT psychopathic, and if you say that again I'll slit your throat.
I am not selling out. I'm buying in.
I am not sincere, even when I say I am not. -- Jules Renard
I am not sure what this is, but an 'F' would only dignify it. -- unknown English Professor
I am not who you seem to think I'm claiming you think I am.
I am numb from watching TV; please don't break me. By the grace of God go I, into the great unknown. Things are gonna change in our favor. -- For Squirrels
I AM objective; I object to everything.
I am of sound bind and mody.
I am one of the culprits who created the problem. I used to write those programs back in the '60s and '70s, and was so proud of the fact that I was able to squeeze a few elements of space by not having to put '19' before the year. -- Alan Greenspan
I am one with the Gorton's Fisherman. He is one seriously kung-fu harpoon using motherfucker. He is up before dawn, and lo, does he answer the question "Honey, what's for dinner?" with no remorse for the weak. His heart is pure. His aim is true. His harpoon is sharp. His fish is light and flavorful. No one shall stand in his way, least of all the Betties of Crocker. Give thanks to the microwave of peace, for it is just and fast.
I am part of the computer elite! I am the Queen of Wean! I can pee on the floor and no one would fucking know! -- Rebecca Livingston
I am Pentium of Borg. Arithmetic is irrelevant. Prepare to be approximated. -- Andrew Toppan
I am Pentium or Borg. Division is Futile. You will be approximated.
I am Popeye of Borg. Prepare to be askimilgrated.
I am programmed in multiple pleasuring techniques. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter. -- Winston Churchill
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
I AM RELAXED -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top. -- English Professor (Ohio University)
I AM serious. And don't call me Shirley. -- Airplane
I am sick unto death of obscure English towns that exist seemingly for the sole accommodation of these so-called limerick writers and even sicker of their residents, all of whom suffer from physical deformities and spend their time dismembering relatives at fancy dress balls. -- Editor of the Limerick Times in Limerick (Ireland)
I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with an option to buy.
I am so qualified for this job, that if I don't get it, you know your company's management is incompetent.
I am still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
I am sure that terrorists, drug dealers, and criminals in general, would out of fear of prosecution (for illegal encryption) register their keys with the FBI. Why not eliminate a step and demand that if criminals are planing a crime they are required to notify the FBI. -- Mark Denovich
I am sure that we will be very proud of you when we have launched you into the world... -- Alain Martin (to Adam Rifkin???)
i am the 'travel bingo' of the information superhighway -- Chad McDaniel
I am the Alpha and the Omega. The archgenesis and the destroyer of worlds. She is Karen. -- Sam Kass
I am the CEO of Dementia and Other Meaningless Entities.
I am the computer your mother warned you about.
I am the Devil, and I come to do the Devil's laundry. -- Doug DeJulio
I am the egg man. They are the egg men. I am a profit center. Goo goo ga joob!
I am the end of all that there is, was, or will be. I am destiny, I am the fate that awaits you all. I am the apocalypse, I am the answer to the final question. I am the last page, I am the author, I am he who will burn the book when its time has come. I am the key to the final door, and I am the void that lies beyond. I am the corner of the sphere, the end of the circle, I am the point where parallel lines will meet. I am your most hideous nightmare, I am your final nightmare. My voice shall echo in the vast emptiness as infinity comes to an end. The streets will flow with the blood of children, and the highest-soaring birds will drown in the burning red river that rises. I am, and shall be when all else is not. so, like, i don't give a shit about prekies. -- Steve Bajzek
I am the future. -- Senator Dan Quayle
I am the housekeeper
I am the keeper of the cheese... and you are the lemon merchant. -- Ren Hoek
I am the Lizard king --- I can do anything!
I am the mother of 3; 4 if you count my husband.
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I am the sixty-megabyte core file you cannot find. -- anonymous crossposter to a kazillion groups
I am the ultimate artiste and everything I do, from my painting and drawing to blowing my nose and emptying my bladder qualifies as art. I have many jars of my "art" if you want to buy some. -- Ted Metzler
I am the voice inside your head... I am the hate you try to hide. -- Nine Inch Nails
I AM trying to get into shape. The shape I've selected is a triangle.
I am trying to make Maisie programming as painless as possible. Is there anything more we could do to make it easy for them? -- Mani Chandy
I am using this space to sheepishly grovel away my gross social irresponsibility of last night re: poetry reading in hell. I will write 500 times on the chalkboard: "Passing out is no excuse for not operating heavy machinery." I submit (because it's fun) my most deepest regrets and shit. -- Ridgely Schantz
I am very flexible. I can put both feet into my mouth.
I am very interested in the Universe. I am specializing in the universe and all that surrounds it. -- Peter Cook
I am what I am and that's all that I am
I am who I am because of what I am.
I am your enemy, the first one you've ever had who was smarter than you. There is no teacher but the enemy. No one but the enemy will ever tell you what the enemy is going to do. No one but the enemy will ever teach you how to destroy and conquer. Only the enemy shows you where you are weak. Only the enemy tells you where he is strong. And the rules of the game are what you can do to him and what you can stop him from doing to you. I am your enemy from now on. From now on, I am your teacher. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
I am. Therefore, I think. I think.
I appreciate your not breathing while I smoke.
I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her. -- Ellen DeGeneres
I asked a Burmese why women, after centuries of following their men, now walk ahead. He said there were many unexploded land mines since the war.
I asked Mom if I was a gifted child... she said they certainly wouldn't have paid for me. -- Calvin
I asked my 93-year-old mother for the secret to a long, happy life. She said, "Son, having a short memory helps a lot!"
I asked my wife why there were so many dings on the driver's side of her Mercedes, and she said the brakes must be bad on that side.
I asked you to come because it strikes me you're the last sane people left in this village. -- Chief Vitalstatistix of the Gauls
I assure you there is a second tier, and a third, and a fourth. In this assignation there is no justice, no fairness, no democracy, but it is meted out just the same... -- Rohit Khare
I assure you, we're open. -- Clerks
I awoke in a fever, the bedclothes were all soaked in sweat. She said, You've been having a nightmare, and it's not over yet...
I BBS because no one can read my handwriting
I beat you because you ask why I beat you. -- Schindler's List
I became suspicious when the parrot started saying, "Give it to me long and hard before my husband comes home."
I beg your pardon: I'm not quite clear about what you just spoke - Was that a parable, or a very subtle joke? -- Crash Test Dummies (God Shuffled His Feet)
I begged somebody to jam a nail gun into my ear and end the agony by firing away like Charlton Heston at a Barney Frank fund-raiser. -- Mr. Cranky
I believe aborting the keyboard with coke is only allowed to save the life of the motherboard. -- Arch Moberly
I believe God gave me a limited number of words to use in my lifetime. When I say all I have to say, I will then die. Therefore, I will not waste any of my precious words yelling and arguing with you.
I believe I found the missing link between animal and civilized man. It is us. -- Konrad Lorenz
I believe I will take this opportunity to remove my ears.
I believe I've passed the age of consciousness and righteous rage. I found that just surviving was a noble fight. -- Billy Joel (the angry young man)
I believe in animal rights as well as human rights. I think that is part of being a total human being. -- Abraham Lincoln
I believe in gangsta rap, gays and geeks and ghosts. I believe that we die of all the things we hate the most. -- Todd Snider
I believe in getting into hot water. It keeps you clean. -- G.K. Chesterton
I believe in living life to the fullest, or ten o'clock, whichever comes first. -- William A. Brockett, Jr.
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it. -- Garrison Keillor
I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex. -- Jack Handey
I believe in monogamy. Enough is enough.
I believe in monopolytheism... worship of money.
I believe in peace and bashing two bricks together. -- Archbishop Gumby
I believe in sex and death; two experiences that come once in a lifetime. -- Woody Allen (Sleeper)
I believe man will not merely endure; he will prevail. He is immortal, not because he alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice, but because he has a soul, a spirit capable of compassion and sacrifice and endurance. The poet's, the writer's duty is to write about these things. It is his privilege to help man endure by lifting his heart, by reminding him of the courage and honour and hope and pride and compassion and pity and sacrifice which have been the glory of his past. The poet's voice need not merely be the record of man, it can be one of the props, the pillars to help him endure and prevail. -- William Faulkner (from his acceptance speech for the Nobel Prize for literature, 1949)
I believe OS/2 is destined to be the most important operating system, and possibly program, of all time. -- Bill Gates (1987)
I believe someone's watching over me. I believe in the dreams that set you free. -- Booth and the Bad Angel
I believe that drugs are basically of more use to the audience than to the artist. I think that the illusion of oneness with the universe, and absorption with the significance of every object in your environment, and the pervasive aura of peace and contentment is not the ideal state for an artist. It tranquilizes the creative personality, which thrives on conflict and on the clash and ferment of ideas. The artist's transcendence must be within his own work; he should not impose any artificial barriers between himself and the mainspring of his subconscious. One of the things that's turned me against LSD is that all the people I know who use it have a peculiar inability to distinguish between things that are really interesting and stimulating and things that appear to be so in the state of universal bliss that the drug induces on a "good" trip. They seem to completely lose their critical faculties and disengage themselves from some of the most stimulating areas of life. Perhaps when everything is beautiful, nothing is beautiful. -- Stanley Kubrick
I believe that massively parallel technology will effectively complete the PC revolution. -- MasPar Computer president and CEO Jeffrey Kalb
I believe that one day everyone, everywhere will know the wonders of my nipples. -- Stimpson J. Cat
I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in the world is fixed. -- Frank Deford
I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it once was... an arctic wilderness. -- Steve Martin
I believe that the highest promise of technology is to end war, feed the hungry and make life on earth more fulfilling. While you're waiting for that, enjoy the second-highest promise of technology -- the ability to buy "Dogbert" merchandise while sitting on your ass. -- Scott Adams
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
I believe there's something in the Bible about "Thou shalt not call anyone insane who owns and is competent with more firearms than you own sharp sticks." -- Andrew Plotkin
I believe warm water has more calories than cold water...
I believe we are free to be chained, to be slaves, to be chained, or to be free. I believe. -- Booth and the Bad Angel
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I believe we should all pay our tax bill with a smile. I tried, but they wanted cash.
I believe you should live each day as if it is your last, which is why I don't have any clean laundry because, come on, who wants to wash clothes on the last day of their life?
I believed you for a fleet of moments. -- Thanh Boyer
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat. -- Will Rogers
I beseech John Byrne that when The Star Brand obliterates Pittsburgh, that he spare the Captain's Table in the Pittsburgh airport, which serves a steak on toasted garlic bread with bearnaise sauce that is second to none... -- Dave Sim
I best pull out my strap and lay them busters down. -- Nate Dogg
I bet David Lee Roth is in a bar somewhere trying to convince a girl he used to be the lead singer for Van Halen. -- Butt-head
I bet drinking in the back of the bus with your girlfriend on school trips must have put you in a damn coma. -- John Dobbin
I bet I don't have to describe my first reaction to the suggestion that my writing could benefit from being proofread by an AOL customer. -- Berna Massingill
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in every culture, is the story of Popeye. -- Jack Handey
I bet squirrel tales would be sort of cool to bite. If I were a duck. -- John Dobbin
I bet the human brain is a kludge. -- Marvin Minsky
I bet the reason cannibals don't eat clowns is that they would taste funny. -- John Huberd
I bet they'd give you pizza with cranberry jelly if you gave them a shiny nickel. -- Megan Coughlin
I better say something funny soon, or Stellman will have more quotes in your quotes file than me. -- Bruce Sherrod
I bought a decaffeinated coffee table. You can't tell by looking at it. -- Steven Wright
I bought a house, on a one-way dead-end road. I don't know how I got there. -- Steven Wright
I bought a million lottery tickets. I won a dollar. -- Steven Wright
I bought her a diamond ring so she'd stop buying all those damned gloves.
I bought In Harmony With The Homeless yesterday. It's not as bad as it sounds, but then any album with a new Tiffany song can't be all bad. -- John Dobbin
I bought some powdered water. I didn't know what to add. -- Steven Wright
I bought the latest computer; it came fully loaded. It was guaranteed for 90 days, but in 30 was outmoded! -- The Wall Street Journal
I bought the Star Trek chess set and the Civil War chess set. Now I have the South fight the Klingons.
I brake for no apparent reason.
I BREAK HABITS WHILE THE NUNS ARE STILL IN THEM. -- Rev. Ivan Stang
I break my self-imposed pedanticism diet to extol its pleated jocularity, its geneology of wistful balladeering and carnival zeal. -- Kasey Hicks
I broke my arm trying to fold a bed. It wasn't the kind that folds. -- Steven Wright
I busted a mirror and got 7 years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me 5.
I call a fig a fig, a spade a spade. -- Menander (292 BC)
I call my computer Hole in the Desk
I call you Lestat because you Suck. -- Adam Rifkin
I called my lawyer's office to complain about my pain and suffering. Their commercials are killing me.
I called the suicide hot line yesterday and when I told him how much money I lost in the market, he told me to just go ahead.
I came back as a bag of groceries accidentally taken off the shelf before the date stamped on myself. -- They Might Be Giants
I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass. and I'm all out of bubblegum.
I came SO close to meeting Elvis. Then my shovel broke.
I came to confess. I was the second gunman on the grassy knoll. -- Ace Ventura
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I came to shut you up. I came to drag you down. I came around to tear your little world apart. -- Garbage
I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
I came, I saw, I kicked his ass. -- Ghostbusters
I came, I saw, I left. -- Robin Williams
I came, I saw, I took LOTS of PICTURES!
I came. I saw. I charged it.
I can *feel* my hearing impairing. -- David Adler
I can ALWAYS build faster code if it doesn't have to work.
I can always get by on my good looks and charm! -- Calvin
I can appreciate the beauty of a flower, but that doesn't mean I fall in love with it. -- Laura X
I can appreciate what he's doing, which is creating a fetish club that isn't for fat people. -- Jose Calvo
I can assure you that size will not be a problem. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I can be as bad as you want me to be. -- John Atheneos
I can believe anything, provided it is incredible.
I can buy 20 percent of you, or I can buy all of you, or I can go into this business myself and bury you. -- Bill Gates to AOL's Steve Case
I can do anything I want as long as I don't care about the result. -- subUrbia
I can do anything you want me to do so long as I don't have to speak. -- Linda Evangelista
I can do without essentials but I must have my luxuries.
I can explain it for you, but I can't understand it for you.
I can feel guilty about the past, apprehensive about the future, but only in the present can I act. The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness. -- Abraham Maslow
I can feel it. My mind. It's going, Dave. I can feel it.
I can guarantee you that with me as fearless leader we will NOT take a vow of celibacy. -- Tim Byars
I can hardly bear to watch.
I can hide more easily. No one looks up in the rain. -- John Dobbin
I can imagine the moment, breaking out through the silence. All the things that we both might say... and the heart it will not be denied 'til we're both on the same damn side, all the barriers blown away. -- Peter Gabriel
I can jump black holes -- Stephen Hawking
I can jump dictionareys -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I can jump spreadsheets -- Bill Gates
I can listen to *every* NBA game on live audio? Holy, this is truly a bad thing. What's my incentive to leave the house? -- John Dobbin
I can make a hat, or a brooch, or a pteradactyl... -- Airplane!
I can make you feel like I've never had sex before. -- Butt-head
I can marry anyone I please. The problem is that I don't please anyone. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart, and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs. -- Larry Lee
I can only address myself in single human beings now. -- Slacker
I can only hope that one of either Devlin or Emmerich decides to raise his slavish emulation of the pair's obvious role models in the art of making big dumb movies, Simpson and Bruckheimer, still one notch further by dropping dead. -- Dan Martinez
I can only pray that your personal magnetism won't erase my hard drive. -- Alice to Wally (in Dilbert)
I can outrun a .45 when you're around. -- Mary's Danish (Underwater)
I can overlook intolerance, and I can overlook adultery. I just can't stand politicians.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it. -- Jack Handey
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
I can quit anytime I want; I just don't want to!
I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I can really identify with video games. The more I play them, the more I find they mirror the aggression and sex which I yearn for in my own life. -- Paul Santa Clara
I can relate to that.
I can remember when a good politician had to be 75% ability and 25% actor, but I can well see the day when the reverse could be true. -- Harry Truman
I can resist anything but temptation.
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone. I can see all popsicles in my way.
I can see how this would make it a lot harder to apply oneself to work, especially at CMU, where work is so pointlessly and excruciatingly odious. -- Bruce Sherrod
I can see it now...'It's summer, we're bored, we're all gonna go out and get lives!' -- Lynne Powell
I can see it now: Our drives will give you the capacity to continue to store all that old data in addition to all your new data. The new Segate Information Buttplug 1 terabyte drive - the data goes in, but it never comes out. "The constipation of success"
I can see marrying someone, maybe having a few kids, but a tattoo seems so permanent...
I can see the appeal of having a record of the event, but doesn't the taking of copious notes detract from the actual experience?? That's why rich people have an entourage- one of them is probably the stenographer/documentarian. -- Richard Goodman
I can see where if I were in a loud and brash cafe, I might gladly pay to hear John Cage's 4'33" on a jukebox. It might afford some relief! -- Douglas Hofstadter
I can shake my tiny fist and swear I was not wrong but what's the use of arguing when you're all alone? -- They Might Be Giants
I can speak French but I cannot understand it. -- Mark Twain
I can SPELL, I just can't TYPE worth a hoot
i can still have a geoff complex. it's like a god complex but only cuter and better in bed. -- Geoff Spear
I can tell she wanted to fuck me by the way she was female. -- Geoff Spear
I can tell you are lying. Your lips are moving.
I can tell you in two words: im possible. -- Samuel Goldwyn
I can tell you're lying. Your lips are moving.
I can walk on water, but on alcohol I tend to stagger.
I can write better with a word processor. They used to say the same thing about drugs.
I can't be overdrawn, I still have more checks
I can't begin to describe how happy I am.
I can't believe a band called Skankin' Pickle has managed to pass through my realm of thought more than once... -- John Dobbin
I can't believe a thing they want us to. We've all got scars; they should have them too. -- Pearl Jam
I can't believe Adam Rifkin sat here and actually typed in all this stuff.
I can't believe how much I hate Cadence, and I don't even use it! -- Jon Ferro
I can't believe I gave my underpants to a geek. -- Sixteen Candles
I can't believe I'm in a graveyard with a strange man hunting for vampires on a school night. Ew! -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I can't believe in Project Gutenberg they have the square root of two. You can compute it faster than you can download it. -- Robert Harley
I can't believe my computer's on fire.
I can't believe my parents are pressuring me to find one of you people. -- Friends
I can't believe there's an organization called Gun Owners of America. Or rather, I prefer not to believe.
I can't believe they still haven't changed their name to Snackin' Pickle. -- Megan Coughlin
I can't believe we're turning on each other. -- Newsradio
I can't believe you are the result of millions of years of evolution.
I can't belive bagels are the acme of life as we know it. -- Brian Caton
I can't bring it back! I don't know how it works! Goodbye, folks! -- Wizard of Oz
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -- James Dean
I can't come in to work today because I'll be stalking my previous boss, who fired me for not showing up for work. OK?
I can't come to the phone right now, so at the sound of the tone please hang up.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do. -- Joe Walsh
I can't decide if it would be easier to conquer the world by starting a religion or raising an army. -- Dogbert
I can't do stuff while watching TV. TV gods require my full attention... -- John Dobbin
I can't eat the baby, Larry, my helmet is on. -- Aaron Thies
I can't even begin to express my distaste for the concept of mandatory community service. It just feels like attempting to force a community spirit on me which I may or may not have. -- John Dobbin
I can't even take a walk in the park without getting an assful of skateboard! -- David Letterman
I can't give you brains, but I can give you a diploma. -- the Wizard of Oz
I can't hear you. There's a banana republic in my ear.
I can't help showing my enthusiasm.
I can't honestly believe it took me that long to figure out that the correct response was "Sure I'll go back to school. You'll pay for it, right?" -- John Dobbin
I can't kill myself with idiocy, it's not sharp enough. -- Chris Morgan
I can't kill you, I have to be sick and demented and scary right now. -- Lisa Kellner
I can't live my life like you; gotta live it up while life goes on. -- Green Day
I can't live... with or without you. -- U2
I can't possibly discount the implications that the tests are racially and social-class skewed. If a test isn't standardized for the real population, it's not standardized. -- Megan Coughlin
I can't put a sentence together, good thing I can take my clothes off. -- Sharon Stone
I can't reach the brakes on this piano
I can't remember what word I managed to fit in, but I eventually got adze, zygote, nadir... -- Megan Coughlin
I can't remember where you are, actually. I blame it on the Nutrasweet. -- Barton
I can't say I've ever been lost, but I was bewildered once for three days. -- Daniel Boone
I can't see tomorrow when I close my eyes. There is no tomorrow; my gift is of no use.
I can't seem to make what I hear fit, however. Ah, Eddie. Always inscrutable! -- Megan Coughlin
I can't shoot a dog. People, yes, but not dogs. -- Lethal Weapon 3
I can't speak for women, but I find Mikhail Gorbachev attractive as a man's man. It's an extraordinary combination of intelligence, baldness and serenity. -- Sean Connery
I can't spend the rest of my life coming into this stinking apartment every 10 minutes to pore over the excruciating minutiae of every single daily event! -- Elaine Benes to Jerry Seinfeld (8 years into the show Seinfeld)
I can't take constructive criticism. Heck, I can barely put up with constructive praise.
I can't take it any more! She's drivin' me crazy. I can't sleep, I can't leave the house. When I'm here I'm climbin' the walls. Meanwhile I'm datin' a virgin, I'm in this contest... something's gotta give! -- Seinfeld
I can't tell if I'm a kingpin or a pauper
I can't tell you how many times I haven't been able to find any silverware, but I did have some molten silver... -- John Dobbin
I can't tell you how nice it was to hear the crowd booing Jordan... As an added bonus, I'm not nearly as depressed as I figured I'd be. Must be the playoff hat and t-shirts cheering me up. :) -- John Dobbin
I can't think of a single lite version of any product that has ever succeeded. It may be inelegant and sluglike, but bloatware sells. -- Jeffrey Tartar (Computerworld 8/10/98)
I can't understand it. I can't even understand the people who can understand it. -- Queen Juliana of the Netherlands
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars. -- Fred Allen
I can't understand why a person will take a year to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars. -- Fred Allen
I can't use Windows. My cat ate my mouse.
I can't wait to sink my teeth into a nice, ripe, genetically engineered, irradiated tomato.
I can't write without >. -- John Dobbin
I can't, Doctor. I might hurt you. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I cannot afford to waste my time making money.
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions. -- Lillian Hellman
I cannot conceive otherwise than that He, the Infinite Father, expects or requires no worship or praise from us, but that He is even infinitely above it. -- Benjamin Franklin
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour. -- F. H. Wales (1936)
I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.
I cannot remember having a more memorable time.
I cannot resist, as the superconductor once said.
I cannot say that I don't disagree with you. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
i cant get my minesweeper score below 15 seconds. im a has-been. my glory days are over. in 10 years, vh1 will do a special on me and my rags-to-riches story of how i rose to fame and then sank back into obscurity, a pathetic, broken shell of my former self. -- May Jawdat
I care about the job, but mostly I want to be inspired. -- Jerry Maguire
I care. I also wish I had 30 hours in a day. -- Rohit Khare
I carry a life size map of America in pocket. When people ask me where I'm from, I point to E - 5. -- Stevie Wright
I Cayman went.
I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land. -- Jon Stewart
I check my bumper, but I still can't figure out how it attracts tailgaters.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -- Oscar Wilde (Picture of Dorian Gray)
I choose toilet paper through the process of elimination. -- George Carlin
I cna ytpe 300 wrods pre mniuet!!!
I come from a small town whose population never changed. Each time a woman got pregnant, someone left town. -- Michael Prichard
I come unbundled.
I compute, therefore I am.
I consider passion to be little more than a indication of intensity, and a somewhat negative one at that. I'm more interested in what the object of the passion is. Are you passionate about your people, or just your own agenda? Some of our most notorious bad guys were passionate people. Passion in government officials would be about the least appealing prospect for me. -- Wayne Baisley
I consider several hours of time to be significant unless very little was contributed in those several hours, whereas less than an hour is probably not significant unless the ideas contributed in that short time made a big difference to the paper. -- Mani Chandy
I could be arguing in my spare time. -- Monty Python
I could be chasing an untamed ornithoid without cause.
I could be home right now drinking this monster egg-nog my brother makes with lighter-fluid.
I could believe that. I don't, but I could. -- Derek Purtell
I could complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses.
I could cut 10 seconds from the Minute Waltz and nobody would notice. -- Buddy Fielder (City of Angels)
I could dance till the cows come home. On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I could do it in a tree. I could do it you would see. She has got a real hot bod, maybe she would like my rod. -- John Dobbin does Dr. Seuss
I could eat a can of Kodak and puke a better movie. -- The Mirror Crack'd
I could eat alphabet soup and shit a better script. -- Curmudgeon's Handbook
I could eat you. -- Jon-Anne Siefert
I could have put a serious picture of myself here, but I think I look like a cartoon character in this shot. I like cartoons. -- Mike Belt
I could have sharp, bony projections sprouting from my body at all angles, reek of sulphur and brimstone, and sport a tongue pocked with the occasional eyeball; I'd still be able to get geek dates as long as I was female. -- Dan Martinez
I could kiss you, but I don't think it would come out right. -- Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle
I could never be a woman. I'd stay at home and play with my breasts all day. -- Steve Martin
I could never marry an awful heffalump, or I might get squished. -- Blackadder III
I could never sleep my way to the top, 'cause my alarm clock always wakes me right up. -- They Might Be Giants
I could prove God statistically. -- George Gallup
I could see the anchor in that sailor's eyes.
I could shove a stick up your ass - you'd be a candy apple. Shut the fuck up. -- Tony Halasohoris
I could stop here, but I'm going to subject you to a bunch of math. -- David Haussler
I could sure go for some charbroiled hamburgers and french-fried potatoes. -- Jungle Goddess
I could take a Ventrue but that TOAST OTTO ritual just really sucks. -- Otto on MasqueradeMUSH
I couldn't find the remote control to the remote control.
I couldn't help but notice that the current selection of messages is painting an interesting picture of me... -- Megan Coughlin
I couldn't help it. I can resist everything except temptation. -- Oscar Wilde
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
I couldn't take my eyes off of his rippling physique, his dark leonine mane, his sensual lips, and his skim, no foam, double cappuccino, half-caf, half-decaf eyes. -- Top 5
I create nothing. -- Wall Street
I cried because I had no shoes, but then I met a man who had no feet, and then I remembered that today was payday, so I went out and bought some shoes. Really expensive ones. -- Kate d'Oliveira
I cried because I had no shoes, until I met a man who had no socks.
I curse Microsoft at least once a day. I only curse Apple every other day. As I see it, that's a 100% improvement. -- Sam Kass
I cut down trees, I eat my lunch, I go to the lavatory.
I dare not speak ill of any man behind his back, but I believe the man is an attorney. -- Samuel Johnson
I dared ask the question, are shifttime snacks subsidized? -- Reality Bites
I date this girl for two years, and then the nagging starts: "I wanna know your name." -- Mike Binder
I dated Betty Crocker. She was Moist and Easy!
I daydreamed that I was falling and, just before I hit the ground, I fell asleep.
I decided that 99.9 percent of what passes for news was of no interest to me. -- Robert James Waller
I decided to quit buying gasoline. I'm gonna let tailgaters just push me wherever I want to go.
I demand a rematch. -- REM (World Leader Pretend)
I desire that your conjectures should not reach beyond your creative will. Could you CREATE a god? Then do not speak to me of any gods. But you could well create the overman. -- Nietzsche
I despise mystics, they fancy themselves so deep, when they aren't even superficial. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
I did a little stand-up in college to prove that I couldn't do that. -- Dan Shafer
I did it, and it worked. Memorize that defense. You may have to use it yourself someday. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
I did it. I killed them all. Timothy
I did not claw my way to the top of the food chain just to eat vegetables.
I did not design this game. I did not name the stakes. I just happen to like apples. And I am not afraid of snakes. -- Ani DiFranco
I did not see Elvis. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I didn't cheat, I just changed the Rules!
I didn't come to Trenton State to lighten up, I came to Trenton State to tighten up! -- Khallid Abdul Muhammed
I didn't do it! It wasn't me! I...I wasn't even logged in at the time! Check the logs! I was at work!
I didn't do it. Nobody saw me do it. You can't prove anything. -- Bart Simpson
I didn't even break a nail. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I didn't get ahead by sleeping with people. Girls take heart. -- Barbara Walters
i didn't have a CD, so i tried it on my cat. it doesn't work nearly as well, and makes the cat very grumpy. -- Andrew Stellman (microwave chef)
I didn't know fairies had tails. -- Adam Rifkin
I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.
I didn't know that conventional security was based on the sweat of eunuchs. -- Megan Coughlin
I didn't know whether I was the boxer or the bag. -- Pearl Jam
I didn't knwo how babies were made until I was pregnant with my fourth child five years later. -- Loretta Lynn
I didn't make the rules; I just ignore them. -- Bruce Sherrod
I didn't mind that you were sleeping. It's just that you were snoring. -- Professor Harper
I didn't say a word you heard.
I didn't think anyone with such a small penis could make such a colossal dent in my life. -- William and Mary (voice mail message, 4/21/93)
I didn't understand WAITING FOR GODOT. I mean, he never arrives.
I didn't want to spoil your birthday. -- When Harry Met Sally
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. -- Voltaire
I discovered an invisible empire of the air. Intangible, yet solid as granite. -- Lee De Forest
I discovered my wife in bed with another man, and I was crushed. So I said, "Get off me, you two!" -- Emo Phillips
I discovered something even better than conjugal visit sex. Fugitive sex! -- George (on Seinfeld)
I discovered the secret of the sea in meditation upon the dewdrop. -- Kahlil Gibran
I distinctly remember forgetting that.
I distrust all systematisers, and avoid them. The will to a system shows a lack of honesty. -- Nietzsche
I do an Oscar show every five years to remind people I'm still alive. -- Paul Newman
I do believe I'm smitten. I am full of smit. -- John Karro
I do desire we may be better strangers. -- Shakespeare
I do feel slightly like I'm having sex with the world at the moment, and I'm not sure if it's going to like me in the morning. -- Justine Frischmann
I do have a large penis, I just don't have it with me right now.
I do have a life outside this house, you know. -- Marge Simpson
I do have to thank you...as I get pretty stupid and brow beat myself and you tend to be the cold hand slap that says shut the fuck up! -- Ed Duffy
I do I do I DO believe in spooks! -- Wizard of Oz
I do know a few things about anatomy, Jean-Luc. -- Beverly
I do not 'work'. I have people who pay me to do my hobbies in a timely fashion.
I do not believe that any type of religion should ever be introduced into the public schools of the United States. -- Thomas Edison
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. -- Isaac Asimov
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use. -- Galileo Galilee
I do NOT have a sense of humor! It says so in my 1000-line .sig! -- James "Kibo" Parry
I do not have diplomatic immunity. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I do not know everything; yet many things I do understand. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I do not like work even when another person does it. -- Mark Twain
I do not mean to pry, but you don't by any chance happen to have six fingers on your right hand? -- Princess Bride
I do not recognize anyone's right to one minute of my life. -- Ayn Rand (The Fountainhead)
I do not seek. I find. -- Pablo Picasso
I do not take drugs. I *am* drugs. -- Salvador Dali
I DO NOT...I do not yell. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I do profess to be no less than I seem; to serve him truly that will put me in trust: to love him that is honest; to converse with him that is wise, and says little; to fear judgment; to fight when I cannot choose; and to eat no fish. -- Kent (King Lear 1:4)
I DO think floor is another word for hamper. -- John Dobbin
I do what I do just to survive. -- Coolio
I do wish we could chat longer, but I'm having an old friend for dinner. -- Silence of the Lambs
I don;t know how many currses control come in handy? it already has an X interface, which is aboincation enough., -- Rohit Khare
I don't actually have a clue... but that's never stopped me before... although that's never helped me succeed -- Joshua Schachter
I don't appreciate your ruse, ma'am. Your ruse, your cunning attempt to trick me. -- Clerks
I don't believe in astrology. But then I'm an Aquarius, and Aquarians don't believe in astrology. -- James R. F. Quirk
I don't believe in Beatles, I just believe in me. -- John Lennon
I don't believe in hell. More importantly, I don't believe that anything I've done qualifies me to burn in the hell I don't believe in. -- John Dobbin
I don't bite, you know. Unless it's called for. -- Audrey Hepburn
I don't bite. Well, that's wrong. I do bite. -- K'Ehleyr
I don't blame Congress. If I had a trillion dollars at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible too.
I don't blame the Indians for being discouraged. They were the only ones ever to be conquered by the United States and not come out ahead. -- Robert Orben
i don't blame you. it sounds like the time for her to get OUT of the 7th grade is: now. -- Kristiina Wilson
I don't build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
I don't buy the notion that Tomb Raider was a hit because of Lara Croft's unusually large, um... polygon count. -- Dan Martinez
I don't care enough about my purity score to have sex with a dead animal in a ground-based vehicle weighing more than 5,000 pounds while i'm driving. -- Geoff Spear
I don't care if the cows do come home, so long as they don't rent the room above me.
I don't care if the shirt is yellow - I'm still not expendable, I'm still not stupid, and I'm STILL not beaming down!
I don't care to know the hour, 'cause it's passing anyway... -- Billy Joel
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true. -- Dorothy Parker
I don't care what they write about me as long as they spell my name right.
I don't care what you know. Your ego's writing checks your body can't cash. Your ego's writing checks your *brain* can't cash. -- Steve Bates
I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating. -- Boss Tweed
I don't care who you are, what you are driving, or where you would rather be.
I don't care WHO you are. You're not walking on water while I'm fishing.
I don't cry when my dog runs away. I don't get angry at the bills I have to pay. -- Sublime
I don't currently have access to my alt.gothic.gun^3, but if you give me your name and number, I shall surely get back to you with my alt.gothic.hatchet^3..... -- Ken Nagle
I don't deal with stress; I kill people. -- unknown ROTC member during the "Stress at CMU" T-shirt sale
I don't discuss sex with other people, much less use it as a greeting. -- Richard Goodman
I don't do drugs because I like to keep reality where I can get hold of it ASAP. -- Vijay Gill
I don't do humans. -- Ace Ventura
I don't DO math anymore. I decided I'm more of a visual person. "Visualize being the only 45-year-old in the first grade." -- Bill Watterson
I don't drink slurpees. I slurp slurpees. Hence the name. -- John Dobbin
I DON'T EAT ANYTHING WITH A FACE
I don't even have an e-mail address. I have reached an age where my main purpose is not to receive messages. -- Umberto Eco
I don't even remember my earliest memory anymore.
I don't ever remember forgetting anything. -- Chris Rende
I don't expect attractive men to necessarily have attractive souls. -- The Magus (John Fowles)
I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the mail. That's for sure. I'm in the junkie limbo at the moment. Too ill to sleep. Too tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on it's way. Sweat, chills, nausea. Pain and craving. A need like nothing else I've ever known will soon take hold of me. It's on it's way. -- Trainspotting
I don't get how saying happy birthday to a stranger is the same as promoting social interest. Unless she also included a party invitation that you didn't forward. -- Megan Coughlin
I don't get no respect.
I don't give a **** what they do with Majerle, just as long as they keep me happy. -- Sir Charles Barkley
I don't give a damn about apathy.
I don't hate falling in love so much as knowing that every fall ends in a sudden stop, and the stop is usually very painful.
I don't hate women... I just tend to get confused and stepped on by them... that is why i said I should join a monestary... I figure they could at least protect me.... course my luck, soon as I joined they would start having "mixers" with some convent of beauiful nuns...
I don't have a copy of the constitution handy, so i will just cop out and not talk about this anymore. -- Fleur Dragan
I don't have a drinking problem. / I drink / I get drunk / I fall down / No problem
I don't have a drinking problem. I drink, I get drunk, I fall down, No problem.
I don't have a fear of flying. I have a fear of not flying. -- Andrew Dice Clay
I don't have a lot of patience with people who allow others to assume that they are simply a stereotype. I can't imagine putting up with people who thought I was a dummy, even if I acted like one sometimes. -- Megan Coughlin
I don't have an ego problem, I AM an ego problem. -- Faisal Jawdat
I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
I don't have any taglines to give you. Go away.
I don't have enough middle fingers. -- Marilyn Manson
I don't have low self seteem. I have low esteem for everyone else. -- Daria
I don't have opinions. I have factual interpretations.
I don't have the traditional view of the Supreme Being. I call him the Cosmic Engineer. -- Dan Aykroyd
I don't have time for an algorithm; I've gotta get this damn code written!
I don't have time to think. I have programs to write.
I don't have to be cynical, it just works out that way. -- Chris Rapier
I don't have to love The Way Things Work, but at least I know it, and extremely well. -- Rohit Khare
I don't have to take this abuse from you... I've got hundreds of people waiting to abuse me. -- Bill Murray (Ghostbusters)
I don't have to tell you it goes without saying there are some things better left unsaid. I think that speaks for itself. The less said about it, the better. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
I don't just "live in interesting times"; I'm the mayor of the place. The chief of state. The patron saint. -- Rob Earhart
I don't just tempt fate - I give it the finger.
I don't kill my enemies: I slime them -- Odo
I don't know about baking bread, but I know about making dough.
I don't know about Middle Eastern guys. Unless, of course they're tall. -- Seinfeld
I don't know about them, and I don't know about then. I know about me, now. And I would care. -- Adam Rifkin
I don't know about you, but I enjoy watching paint dry. I imagine that the wet paint is a big freshwater lake that is the only source of water for some tiny cities by the lake. As the lake gets drier, the population gets more desperate, and sometimes there are water riots. Once there was a big fire and everyone died.
I don't know and I don't care.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. -- Elvis Presley
I don't know anything about this, so I can speek freely. -- Ernie Prabhakar
I don't know guys, I really wanna get a head start on my homework. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I don't know how it works in DC, but up here in Philly, people who quote the Cure aren't allowed to have opinions. -- Paul Santa Clara
I don't know if freezing cold lake breezes actually have the biological effect of reducing the effect of alchohol on the human body, or if it's a purely psychological effect. (I think most people would describe "hey! Where are my testicles? I can't feel 'em!" as a sobering thought). -- Ian Konen
I don't know if my strategy works for anyone else, but if people don't find me attractive, I simply assume they've missed something and tell them how pretty I am. -- Jose Calvo
I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating about on a breeze. Maybe both are happening at the same time. -- Forrest Gump
I don't know much about panda bears, Number One. -- Picard
I don't know that atheists should be considered citizens, nor should they be considered patriots. This is one nation under God. -- George H. W. Bush
I don't know that it will make a difference in the end, but it's important to object to abuse even when bullies continue to impose their way.
I don't know the answer to this... but you don't either. -- Jerry Griffin
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. -- Bill Cosby
I don't know what I'm doing right now, but I'll figure it out.
I don't know what my problem with women is.. I've tried getting bigger shoes, but it doesn't help.
I don't know what to do with my arms. It just makes me feel weird and I feel like people are looking at me and that makes me nervous. -- Tyra Banks
I don't know what you mean by YOUR way, all the ways about here belong to ME
I don't know whether reading Roo's mind is something to be proud or afraid of. Either way, I'd guess that knowledge of the contents could probably get me arrested in several states. -- Dan Martinez
I don't know whether to be afraid ... or very afraid. -- Faisal Jawdat
I don't know whether to laugh or cry. We give them a nice Jewish boy to worship, five books, no charge. And what do we get in return? Crusades, the Inquisition, pogroms, the Holocaust. And now they want us to join them in heaven? I'll take hell any day! -- Harriet Levenbaum Kean (Sharing reactions from around the swimming pool to the Southern Baptists' resolution to convert the Jews in a letter to the editor of the NYT Magazine 5/4/97)
I don't know which is more discouraging, literature or chickens. -- E. B. White
I don't know who the Cracker Jack people think they're fooling. Do you think there's a kid in America who rips open one of the toy surprises and says, "Wow! Forget the video games, Dad, this is it." -- Seinfeld
I don't know why the economy works, but I'm sure it isn't because brilliant people are managing it. My guess is that if you sum up all the absurd activities of management, the idiocies somehow cancel out, thus producing cool things that you want to buy, such as Nerf balls and Snapple. -- Scott Adams
I don't know you, I think I hate you. -- Green Day
I don't know you, I'd never heard of you before tonight, but in some cases, that's the best a friendship ever gets. -- Joe Barrera
I don't know, a place where everybody masturbates all the time might not be that bad. -- John Dobbin
I don't know, ask Dave.
I don't know, I didn't go into Burger King. -- Pulp Fiction
I don't know, I'm making this up as I go. -- Indiana Jones/Adrian Lake
I don't know. I don't care. And it doesn't make any difference.
I don't know. Is it a longing? Is it a giddy stupid happiness just because you're with me? ... That's influenza ... Watch for nausea or diarrhea within a few hours. -- Orson Scott Card (Children of the Mind)
I don't lie, cheat or steal unnecessarily. -- Bumper sticker
I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I just hate it. -- Clarence Darrow
I don't like the idea of having security within a shared computer system at all. -- Richard Stallman
I don't like the way [Independance Day] ended. The humans shouldn't have won. That movie should have ended with a smoldering planet and the aliens laughing and drinking beer and using our resources. -- Jason Asser
I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell - you see, I have friends in both places. -- Mark Twain
I don't like to discuss my birth. Not only was I without clothing, but I found myself in bed with a woman to whom I had not previously been introduced.
I don't like to lose because defeat means failure to reach an objective. -- Knute Rockne
I don't listen to you. I just know what's right, which is nearly as good. -- Brian Harrison
I don't look for love, I wait for love. -- Samantha Fox
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -- Will Rogers
I don't make sense; He doesn't make sense; together, we make sense. -- Untamed Heart
I don't make the rules, I just enjoy them. -- Frasier (on how men can get away with dating younger women)
I don't mean to sound like a snob (!?), but what's the story with the term "Gravers?" Are we talking about the geeks with the bad hats? Canes? White face paint? Crow make-up? Sunglasses at night? Long coats in the summer sun? These people are at the top of many lists for gothic clubbing. I don't mean clubbing in the 'attending nightclubs on a regular basis' sense, I mean 'knocked on the head like a harp seal until twitching ceases' variety. -- Jose Calvo
I don't mean to sound sexist or anything, but can I borrow her? No way, you'd get her dirty. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I don't mind anyone owning firearms. Just give me all the ammunition.
I don't mind going nowhere as long it's an interesting path. -- Ronald Mabbitt
I don't mind taking a risk, as long as I know everything will turn out okay. -- Barbara Rush
I don't mind the sun sometimes, the images it shows. I can taste you on my lips and smell you in my clothes. -- Butthole Surfers
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses. -- Victor Hugo
I don't need a disclaimer. I OWN the company.
I don't need bodyguards. -- Jimmy Hoffa (in a December 1975 Playboy interview)
I don't need to 'su' to kill you. -- Kevin Kozicki
I don't NEED to compromise my principles, because they don't have the slightest bearing on what happens to me anyway. -- Calvin
I don't need to get laid, i need to get fiber laid... -- Aleecia McDonald
I don't need to see the rules - I can lose as I play. -- Sean Simmons
I don't need to study! I don't need to learn! -- Calvin
I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before?!?
I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before??
I don't own a computer. I have a nine-foot piano in my home to compose my messages. Why would I want a one-foot computer to do the same thing? -- Tori Amos
I don't practice what I preach, because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to. -- Rev. J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
I don't pretend to have all the answers. I don't pretend to even know what the questions are. Hey, where am I? -- Jack Handey
I don't pretend to understand the universe, it's much bigger than I am. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
I don't question our existence, I just question our modern needs. -- Pearl Jam
I don't read novels. I prefer good literary criticism. That way you get both the novelists' ideas as well as the critics' thinking. With fiction I can never forget that none of it really happened, that it's all just made up by the author. -- Tom Townsend (Metropolitan)
I don't really miss God but I sure miss Santa Claus. -- Hole
I don't really see much in taking a woman and pushing her down a mountain in a scud missile -- Chris Holly on buggy
I don't remember any banana scene in Hamlet. -- Splitting Heirs
I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.
I don't require that a frog turn into a prince when I kiss him. I just don't want him turning into a turkey! -- Debhi Kane
I don't run around saying Bob Dole does this and Bob Dole does that. That's not something Bob Dole does. That's not something Bob Dole has ever done, or that Bob Dole will ever do. -- Bob Dole on SNL
I don't say we should all misbehave, but we all ought to look like we are occasionally giving it serious consideration.
I don't see a generation of slackers. I see a generation of seekers. -- William Jefferson Clinton
I don't see much of Alfred any more since he got so interested in sex. -- Mrs. Alfred Kinsey
I don't see why people waste good money buying blenders. A garbage disposal works just as well, and it comes with the apartment. -- Paul Paternoster
I don't skoke no dope. -- John Francis Bloss
I don't steal taglines -- I replicate them.
I don't steal taglines, I replicate them.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
I don't take drugs. I'm not even an athlete.
I don't think Bambi Eyes will get you that flame thrower... -- Hobbes
I don't think dirty words are necessary unless you're being romantic. -- George Carlin
I don't think I can call anyone who looks at my chest that much a friend. -- Jill Stutzman
i don't think i can do the other stuff you wanted, but what i can do is obtain a false passport and travel to equador where i will live for six months under the pseudoname Julio Garcia, at which point i'll infiltrate the Garzone family that controls the local government and RISE UP AND GUN DOWN THE CAPITALIST DOGS LONG LIVE THE REVOLUTION!!! i also make a good cup of earl grey. -- Andrew Stellman
i don't think i even need to comment on the extreme idiocy of the rest of that forward. i would, however, like to comment on the fact that burning man makes me spew exclamation points like there's no tomorrow. it's kind of scary. -- Kristiina Wilson
I don't think I left permanent scars. The question is: did I leave permanent beauty marks? -- Megan Coughlin
I don't think people are ragging on you because you've raised uncomfortable questions. No, instead I think they're wailing on you because you come off like a total dick in email. -- Steve Gifford
I don't THINK sooooo. -- Roger Rabbit (among others)
I don't think that movies are too violent. But I do think that popcorn is too expensive, and this can often lead to violence. -- Lev L. Spiro
I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital. On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out.
I don't think they could put him on a mental hospital. On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they would let him out.
I don't think we should leave here with this vast sense of insecurity. We ought to leave here with a sense of confidence that this is a challenge that was entirely predictable. It's part of the price of the success of the Internet. -- Bill Clinton
I don't think you actually fall in love. I think it's supposed to be more like diving in. -- Janet (age 10)
I don't think you can really know how heavy something is until it has fallen on you. -- LeMel Hebert-Williams
i don't think you could flame a weener-dog if i gave you a stack o' briquettes, some lighter fluid, and a small incendiary device. -- Brian Long
I don't think you know how unattractive hate is. -- LA Story
I don't think you should worry about your looks. You've suffered enough already.
I don't think you're "looking" for Rob. "Waiting", I'll buy, but you butt hasn't moved from that xterm in ages... -- Rohit Khare
I don't throw darts. I bet on sure things. -- Wall Street
I don't treat women as objects. I treat them as SUBJECTS.
I don't trust [Lando Calrissian] either, but he is my friend. -- Han Solo (The Empire Strikes Back)
I don't trust this guy. I think he re-gifted, and then he de-gifted, and now he's using an upstairs invite as a springboard to a Super Bowl sex romp. -- Seinfeld
I don't understand anything about ballet; all I know is that during the intervals, the ballerinas stink like horses. -- Chekhov
I don't understand how people can be prejudiced... there's so many good reasons to hate people on an individual basis.
I don't understand how the Russians can be so nasty. Two vodkas, and I love everybody.
I don't understand why people keep saying that Pyra needs a business model. I've been assuming all along that they *have* a business model, but weren't publicizing it. The fact that they neglected to email me a copy only tells me that it doesn't personally involve me. -- Rebecca Blood
I don't understand you anymore.
I don't use computers like I don't give myself enemas - they're both occasionally useful, and I know how to do them both, but really, I could just go stub my toe for the fun of it. -- Jessica Marrell
I don't wake up for less than $10,000 a day. -- Linda Evangelista
I don't wanna be a mud hippie like you! -- Green Day at Woodstock
I don't want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their job. -- Samuel Goldwyn
I don't want anything now that I have everything. -- They Might Be Giants
I don't want better signal to noise; I want less traffic, dammit -- Bruce Sherrod
I don't want life to resemble art. I want life to BE art.
I don't WANT lots of people to be a valuable part of who I am. The more of me I share, the less of me there are for the people for whom I care. -- Adam Rifkin
I don't want moral support: I want IMMORAL support. I'm beginning to see how the quest for sex is a useful organizing principle for the lives of the 97%. -- Rohit Khare
I don't want people to know what I like, what I don't like, who I am, where I live, how I live, what the names of my children are. -- Harrison Ford
I don't want the world. I just want your half. -- They Might Be Giants
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve immortality through not dying. -- Woody Allen
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it by not dying. -- Woody Allen
I don't want to admit it, I can't bring myself to admit it, but you're right.
I don't want to be a cynic, but it's hard...
I don't want to be a software engineer. I want to design weapons of mass destruction. -- Jen Quirin
I don't want to be a sub. We don't need another hero. -- Adam Rifkin
I don't want to be stapled to Max. He sucks. -- Bill Bajzek
I don't want to die at 40. -- J. Lennon
I don't want to die. Existence is one of my strong points.
i don't want to do that. my title is software engineer, not hack engineer. -- Sherry Heinz
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. -- Diane Ackerman
I don't want to kill it for the kids, but Santa Claus is not going to bring us the playoffs. We got to go there and snatch it. We got to go out there, put the mask on and go rob. -- Tre Johnson
I don't want to make the wrong mistake. -- Thanh Boyer
I don't want to rob the cradle. I just want to sleep in it for a while. -- Woody Allen
I don't want to say these things. That's why I'm saying them. You may not want to hear them. That's why you should hear them. -- Dave Winer
I don't want to sell anything, buy anything, or process anything as a career. I don't want to sell anything bought or processed, or buy anything sold or processed, or process anything sold, bought, or processed, or repair anything sold, bought, or processed. You know, as a career, I don't want to do that. -- Say Anything
I don't want to sleep with you. I want to keep you awake.
I don't want to suggest that today's food was bad, but three terrorist groups have called in to claim responsibility.
I don't want to think. I just want to be...
I don't want you to be like the guy in the PG-13 movie everyone really hopes makes it happen. I want you to be the guy in the rated R movie. -- Swingers
I don't want you, but could you do me a favor and not ever attain anything I might want so I can always feel like I made the right choice? -- John Dobbin
I don't worry about crime in the streets, it's the sidewalks I stay off of. -- Johnson Letellier
i dont believe in the general notion of love, but thats not to say im into mechanical sex and honey, lets figure out how to look more snobbish than our friends -- death@punkassbitch.org
i dont know how to tell you this, but here goes. i have an aol account. i hereby relinquish any claims to defense against hatred from you on the grounds that any such hatred is fully justified and that receipt of such hatred was previously consented to as a part of the aol membership agreement. in order to ease the transition of my status from "loved one" to "total shmuck," i have enclosed this picture of a broad fisting herself. god bless the internet.
I dote on his very absence.
I doubt I'll ever reach the pinnacle that is Dobbin. -- Samantha Crouse
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I drank Pledge for a week, and whenever I farted, I polished a chair. -- Billy Joel
I drank what?? ~ Socrates
I dream in HTML.
I dream of a world where someday you can buy liquor, cigarettes, and firearms at a drive-thru window and use them all before you get home. Basically, anything that gets rid of people is okay with me. But before you go, buy my new book... -- Dogbert
I dream'd in a dream I saw a city invincible to the attacks of the whole of the rest of the earth, I dream'd that was the new city of friends. -- Walt Whitman
I dreamed this morning that Bill Gates died. I woke up and it was John Denver. Damn! So close! -- Joe Kiniry
I drink coffee because... I'm too laid back to take my daily quota of stress without it. -- Jonathan Chin
I drink the fifth. -- John Dobbin
I drink to make other people interesting. -- George Jean Nathan
I drove to Las Vegas, parked in front of a casino, put a quarter in the parking meter, and lost my car.
I drove to the preview of this film with all the hopeful anticipation of someone about to lick the inside of a cat's litter box. -- Mr. Cranky
I dub thee Admiral Angst. -- Dan Brown
I eat swiss cheese from the inside out.
I eat swiss cheese. But I only nibble on it. I make the holes bigger.
I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
I emote the light fantastic over these things. -- Adam Rifkin
I end up seeing an awful lot of crap, because I tend to convince myself that good visuals can make up for a pathetic plot. Sometimes that's true, but not usually. -- Jamie Zawinski
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
I even bubble if you pop my cork just right. -- Jon Gillespie
I expect that Woman will be the last thing civilized by Man. -- George Meredith
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I fear for all the young people I convinced to plunge into this wonderful idealistic pursuit of journalism. I shudder at the disillusion that awaited them. -- Ed Asner
I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts. -- Virgil (19 BC)
I fear you must blame your own perverse urges. -- Picard
I feast on a Turbo Dog. It keeps me sane. -- Heathers
I fed some lemon to my cat and now I have a sour puss.
I feel a strong bond with my parents. A FINANCIAL bond.
I feel almost happy.
I Feel Better Now.
I feel Clinton's opposing the Vietnam War isn't an issue, and I probably would have done the same. As far as Clinton supposedly cheating on his wife, what do people think he's going to do? Be president of another country while he's president of ours? -- Tom R. (age 12, Woodstock, IL in the Chicago Tribune, 11/3/92)
I feel compelled to point out Rob's dearth of sensitivity in following up a thread including my sister's story with a "feminists are lying" post. Real smooth, Rob. -- Laura Ravine
I feel fine.....Everything seems a little smaller. -- Picard
I feel great tonight. I feel like Captain Scott O'Grady with a bug zapper and a bottle of A-1 Sauce. -- David Letterman
I feel like a fugitive from the law of averages.
I feel like a genocidal maniac when emacs asks me if I want to kill 10789 characters.
I feel like a math teacher... say one thing, write another, mean a third, explain a fourth, and drink a fifth.
I feel like a snowflake in an avalanche. -- Adam Rifkin
I feel like complete cat sphincter right now -- Kevin Zygmontas
I feel like I'm five years late for the prom. -- Jerry Maguire
I feel like I'm making monthly payments twice a week.
I feel like I'm on a crappy show like Melrose Place. I'm the HIV character who it's okay to be nice to, but then I die, and everybody comes to my funeral in chokes and halter tops. -- Reality Bites
I feel like Keith Richards looks. ugh. -- Matthew Haughey
I feel like MacGuyver. I'm on my back with just a handful of wire-ties, a pair of scissors and some duct tape. -- Steve Bates
I feel like my old self again... totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic. It's a pleasure. -- George (on Seinfeld)
I feel like the floor of a taxi cab. -- Ghostbusters
I feel like this is bad science and shoddy scholarship, but there *are* starting to be time constraints. -- Berna Massingill
I feel much better, now that I've given up hope.
I feel no different. My hate's the same. -- Milk (Milk & Cheese)
I feel obligated to point out that it's quite possible to like Martin *without* in any way distancing oneself from the belief that he's a real poindexter. (Yeah, yeah. Glass houses and all that. Pot. Kettle. Your mother.) -- Dan Martinez
I feel so bad, if I was a horse I'd shoot myself. -- Thanh Boyer
I feel so good I could do a week's work this afternoon.
I feel so inar-inar-inar tic-u-late.
I feel so inspired... I feel like I could fly... I think I'll go jump off that building... -- Sean Simmons (corporate slave)
I feel so much better since I gave up hope.
I feel so... dirty... I'm currently using DOS, instead of my old faithful Linux, and I really hate the standard DOS font. I feel like a cheap whore. NO COMMENTS -- Jarett Kobek
I feel the pain of everyone and then I feel nothing. -- Dinosaur Jr.
I feel underpaid, so wasting time isn't unethical. -- John Dobbin
I fell asleep reading a dull book, dreamt that I was reading on, and woke up from sheer boredom.
I fell for you like a blind roofer. -- Hot Shots!
I felt a nameless dread. Well, there probably is a long German name for it, like Geschpooklichkeit or something, but I don't speak German. Anyway, it's a dread that nobody knows the name for, like those little square plastic gizmos that close your bread bags. I don't know the name for those either. -- Jack Bross
I felt as if I'd been trapped in a George Lucas production of an Earth, Wind, and Fire album cover. -- Owen Gleiberman on Stargate
I felt like giving up, but if I had, I would have been guilty of everything you accused me of. -- Shall We Dance?
I felt like poisoning a monk. -- Umberto Eco (On why he wrote The Name of the Rose)
I felt nothing, nothing but fear; I could neither eat nor sleep. Fear clawed at my mind and body and shook me. -- Anne Frank
i felt that it was important that i display my more sensitive side in this matter. as carl jung might have said: LE MANS, France (Jun 12, 1997 - 17:32 EST) - Qualifying times on Thursday for this weekend's Le Mans 24-hour race: 1. Michele Alboreto (Italy) Joest Porsche Prototype three minutes 41.581 seconds (average speed 220.958 kph); 2. Thierry Boutsen (Belgium) Porsche 911 3:44.234; 3. J.J. Lehto (Finland) BMW McLaren F1 3:45.402; 4. Emmanuel Collard (France) Porsche 911 3:45.490; 5. Christophe Bouchut (France) Kremer Porsche 911 3:46.389; 6. Max Papis (Italy) Ferrari 333SP Prototype 3:46.431; 7. Eric van de Poele (Belgium) Nissan R390 3:46.670; 8. Pierluigi Martini (Italy) BMS Porsche 911 3:46.907; 9. Gary Ayles (Britain) Lark McLaren F1 3:47.108; 10. Karl Wendlinger (Austria) Roock Porsche 911 3:47.314. hope that helped. -- Chris Heiser
I fight authority, authority always wins. -- John Cougar Mellencamp
I fight for truth, justice, and my own enjoyment. -- Sledgehammer
I figure I'm pretty good with the bullshit but I love listening to an expert. Keep talking.
I figure I'm pretty good with the bullshit, but I love listening to an expert. Keep talking
I figure if I am going to really swim with the sharks, I need to get off my butt and head up to their level. I do so, rising ever slowly upward. The circling sharks swim just a wee bit wider to avoid bumping me. Some scientists suspect that sharks, with their heightened sense of smell, can even detect adrenaline. I think of the little twits with backward baseball caps who weave in and out of traffic back in Florida with NO FEAR decals on the back of their jacked-up pickups. A Caribbean reef tip shark would peel that decal in a nanosecond. -- Bill Belleville (Salon)
I figured your password was Geraldo, you know, your chihuahua, and it was... -- Batman Returns
I finally got the bit that it was for an English class. For all I knew, there could very well be an method called prostitute (forpromiscuous connections...). -- Ernie Prabhakar
I finally had an orgasm... and my doctor told me it was the wrong kind. -- Woody Allen (Manhattan)
I finally wised up and stopped buying things with rebates. If they want to give me money back, just sell it cheaper. No gimmicks. -- John Dobbin
I find every sect, as far as reason will help them, make use of it gladly; and where it fails them, they cry out, It's a matter of faith, and above reason. -- John Locke (An Essay Concerning Human Understanding)
I find it easier to disagree across the board, because then I don't have to argue specific points, and if I start to lose I can just resort to name-calling. -- Steve Bajzek
I find it hard to restrain my enthusiasm.
I find it hard to sit still in one spot, and impossible to sit still in two spots.
I find it strange that a family can be torn up by something so simple as a pack of wild dogs. -- Jack Handey
I find it very disturbing that you people know how to use my penis better than I do. -- Tatia Markland
I find my life is a lot easier the lower I keep everyone's expectations. -- Calvin
I find myself beside a stream of empty thought.
I find myself using the word "bandwidth" now, and feel the mounting urge to say "megabit" and "gigabit" and "terabit" as though these are normal words like "tree" and "rock" and "bunny." I've learned the meaning of the word "photonics," and now, like many techies, believe the most important fundamental particle in the communications industry of the future will be the photon, not the electron. You know your world has changed, has become more innately technological, when a distinction like that strikes you as interesting. -- Joen Achenbach
I find panic dumps enormously entertaining. -- John Dobbin
I find push buttons very depressing......
I find sometimes it's easy to be myself. Sometimes I find it's better to be somebody else. -- Dave Matthews Band
I find that a great part of the information I have was acquired by looking up something and finding something else on the way. -- Franklin P. Adams
I find that a rubber band coated in chewing gum makes an ideal substitute for chewing gum.
I find that at night, lying horizontally with my eyes closed makes a perfect opportunity for sleep.
I find that removing my trousers and underwear before going to the toilet makes it a far easier and more enjoyable experience.
I flex in your general direction.
I float like an anchor and sting like a moth.
I flunked a test today, but I don't mind. -- Calvin
I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face... oh, I'm out. -- Friends
I for one could offer a lot of thoughts on any subject, but in many cases they would be based on speculation at best, or misinformation at worst. -- D.P. Chassin
I forget exactly what kind of service I'm supposed to provide.
I forgot when I taught them to question authority, that the first one they'd question is me. -- Susan Sarandon
I fought the dog, and the dog won.
I found her when she was a few months old and took her on the road. She had no character, she was boring, but I moulded her. She's now really flirty and open. -- Tori Amos on one of her pianos
I found it hard, was hard to find, oh well, whatever, nevermind. -- Nirvana
I found out a useful piece of information in High School physics. Vacuum doesn't suck. Everything else blows. -- Sam Kass
I found out she's and angel- I don't think she knows I know I'm worried that something might happen to me if anyone ever finds out. -- They Might Be Giants
I found out why my car was humming. It had forgotten the words.
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
I found uninstallation to be the most satisfactory approach. I didn't take the time to familiarize myself with any less radical ones. -- Dan Martinez
I gave a quarter and my order... small fries, BIG MAC! You be illin'... -- Run DMC
I gave up drugs 20 years ago, but I just can't kick ice cream.
I gave up eating candy for Lent. Mommy was proud and so were the nuns. I thought it was okay to eat the candy if the wrapper was on. I was just sucking out the juices. -- Rugburns
I gave up luck in high school. I prefer a little deadly force myself. -- Dutch Schaefer (Predator)
I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex. It was the most *horrifying* 20 minutes of my life!
I gaze at the brilliant full moon. The same one, I think to myself, at which Socrates, Aristotle, and Plato gazed. Suddenly, I imagine they appear beside me. I tell Socrates about the national debate over one's right to die and wonder at the constancy of the human condition. I tell Plato that I live in the country that has come the closest to Utopia, and I show him a copy of the Constitution. I tell Aristotle that we have found many more than four basic elements and I show him a periodic table. I get a box of kitchen matches and strike one. They gasp with wonder. We spend the rest of the night lighting farts.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it. -- Mae West
I get a lot of letters like, 'Dear John, I've got a dead alien. What should I do with it?' One word: barbecue! -- Jon Lovitz (phone book commercial)
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck.
I get everything I want when I get part of you. -- Nine Inch Nails
I get knocked down, but I get up again. You're never gonna keep me down. -- Chumbawumba
I get little joy out of figuring out how to install the latest toy. I don't get much sense of reward from having discovered how to get the Foo card to coexist with the Bar card. As far as I'm concerned, that crap is a solved problem, and not worth revisiting. That's like banging rocks together and being proud that you've re-derived fire from first principles. It's boring. -- Jamie Zawinsky
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer to my friends who exercise. -- Chauncey Depew
I get outraged at the world. I get outraged by that virus called Disney that is settling so comfortably over the world. -- Maurice Sendak (author of acclaimed children's books including "Where the Wild Things Are", on the Disney Company view of the world as theme park and money machine)
I get the feeling that there's a lot of context in your parents decisions that you're just not privy to. Like the fact that they're space aliens.
I get to be a kid now, because I wasn't a kid when I was supposed to be one. But in some ways, I'm an old woman... lived it, done it, been there, have the T-shirt. -- Drew Barrymore
I get weirder things than you free with my breakfast cereal. -- Douglas Adams (Zaphod Beeblebrox)
I get women naked, and pass the savings on to you. -- Tony Halasohoris
I give advice worth the price... free!
I give C's to students who don't deserve to live out the day.
I give you bitter pills in sugar coating. The pills are harmless; the poison is in the sugar. -- Stanislaw Lec
I give you my word, I will never carry frozen poultry in my luggage. -- John Dobbin
I go Foo Fighters and you come back with George Michael? Shame on you. -- John Dobbin
I go to a lot of movies. There's something about a big screen, a dark room, sticky floors, and stale popcorn that's qualitatively better than watching a movie at home, no matter how big your television is (or how sticky your floors are). But, perhaps I'm just a dupe, programmed for consumption. -- Jamie Zawinski
I got 3 rules: 1) Shit happens, 2) Shit happens on a regular basis and 3) You better get used to rule 1 and 2. -- Monolith
I got a book on helium for Christmas. I can't put it down.
I got a wild hair growing you-know-where. -- George Carlin
I got arrested in L.A. and boy am I beat!
I got arrested trying to smuggle books into Kentucky. -- Steven Wright
I got depressed about Mix and match: it's a cool research topic, but I don't have time to research it, and I'm not happy waving my hands much. -- Dan Connolly
I got food poisoning today. I don't know yet when I will use it.
I got it all together, then forgot where I put it.
I got just two words for you, neither of which I am allowed to utter. -- Adam Rifkin
I got lost in thought. It was an unfamiliar territory.
I got married so I could STOP dating. -- When Harry Met Sally
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose. Now when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly)... and says, "Here, you can go." -- Steven Wright
I got my mojo wholesale.
I got myself a bad-ass new ACM SIGLinux shirt at the Fajita Fest today. I love America, where you can sell shirts depicting a penguin beating the richest man in the world to death. -- Wesley Felter
I got myself good this morning too. I did my push ups in the nude... but I didn't see the mouse trap. -- Rodney Dangerfield
I got nowhere else to go! -- An Officer and a Gentleman
I got one hand in my pocket, and the other one's giving a high-five. -- Alanis Morissette
I got remote control and a color TV, I don't change channels, so they must change me. -- Billy Joel
I got stopped by a cop the other day. He said, "Why'd you run that stop sign?" I said, "Because I don't believe everything I read." -- Steven Wright
I got the error message "Error in compound command component; compound command terminated." Remind me next time I'm writing program to have the error messages rhyme. -- Joshua Schachter
I got these glasses because I knew my parents would pay for them. I got the ones that made me look like an art curator, like a secretary... not like a real secretary, like a secretary in a porn film. -- Fleur Dragan
I got this great idea for a business. Five words: mouse pad of the month. -- John Dobbin
I got to pick my own butt. I picked my dream butt. -- Jeanne Tripplehorn (of Waterworld)
I got up at 1pm and have been wondering what to do with the day since then. -- Robert Harley
I got up early today so as to have even more time to enjoy myself.
I got your oak between my legs. More like a redwood. -- John Dobbin
I gotta catch the Styx and Stones tour.
I gotta go out and have fun at someone else's expense. -- Denis Leary
I gotta keep juggling all the balls. -- Howard Stern
I grew up dreaming of being on Oprah... but not the show. -- Matthew Perry
I guess a cynic smells different.
I guess I can stand a little Jerry if it gets me a lot of Elaine! -- Newman on Seinfeld
I guess I shouldn't blame her really, I mean she did give birth to me, which is more than most people do for the world. -- The Peace-ior
I guess I'd rather see machines properly administered, and software properly written; there *are* times when you want incoming connections, for instance. I'd also like a pony. -- Rob Earhart
I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER. And maybe I don't want to. Her spirit was wild, like a wild monkey. Her beauty was like a beautiful horse being ridden by a wild monkey. I forget her other qualities. -- Jack Handley (The New Mexican, 1988)
I guess Kurt Cobain really WAS a headbanger.
I guess Lt. Dan decided there are some things you can't change. He didn't want to be called cripple just like I didn't want to be called stupid. -- Forrest Gump
I guess she'll stop acting weird now that i'm not a guy. -- Kerry Hagan
I guess the first question that comes to mind is... where can I get a copy of the photo? -- John Dobbin
I guess the hard thing for a lot of people to accept is why God would allow me to go running through their yards, yelling and spinning around. -- Jack Handey
I guess this is the week I earn my salary. -- John F. Kennedy (during Cuban Missile Crisis)
I guess we're getting a valuable education learning what it's like being a drudge in a major corporation. When you get into a tedious job, so that year after year you begin praying for death as an escape from the monotony of it all, you'll know this class helped prepare you for it. -- Paul Workman
I guess we're sick of trying to seduce people. If you don't like us by now, you can get stuffed. -- Andrew Farris (INXS)
I guess what I am saying is that you would have to be more specific in order for me to answer your question.... But my post does have a lot of acronyms -- Sam Greenfield
I had 3 cups of coffee at the yard. Being wired is like being drunk except I don't enjoy it. -- Ben Raia
I had a beautiful day today. I even died and lived to tell about it. -- The World According to Garp
I had a clue once and didn't like it much. I took it back and they gave me an attitude instead. -- Chris Rapier
I had a dream last night that I went to sleep and had a dream. But I can only remember waking up once, so this could still be my dream.
I had a half dozen imaginary friends. They all had names. They all had real faces. They all had a real personality. We'd all meet in the bathroom. -- Eric Roberts
I had a handle on life, but it broke.
I had a hard day at the orifice. -- random gynecologist
I Had A Life Once, Now I Have A Computer
I had a life once... but now I have a modem.
I had a linguistics professor who said that it's man's ability to use language that makes him the dominant species on the planet. That may be. But I think there's one other thing that separates us from animals. We aren't afraid of vaccuum cleaners. -- Jeff Stilson
I had a lot of pimples too. One day I fell asleep in a library. I woke up and a blind man was reading my face. -- Rodney Dangerfield
I had a map on my wall that had a circle around Lubbock and then giant arrows pointing toward New York City and Los Angeles. Written across both arrows were the words 'Toward Civilization.' Of course, by the time I got to New York, I realized there really isn't any civilization. -- Barry Corbin
I had a real bad day today. I had to re-rivit my pizza cutter!
I had a splitting headache, and Chris had to lead me around by the hand to liquor stores. -- Mike Wallace
I had already anticipated your lameness, and made plans to go to ballroom or something -- Vijay Gill
I had another [cookbook] called "Cooking is a Game You Can Eat". -- Ari Rapkin
I had bad eyesight until I was eight. Then I got a haircut.
I had been driving my car for forty years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
I had hoped... to be merely ludicrous, but this is a hard world to be ludicrous in, with so many human beings so reluctant to laugh, so incapable of thought, so eager to believe and snarl and hate. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Mother Night)
I had Jello today. -- MST3K
i had just gotten used to sleeping alone and then you had to come and fuck it all up... could you do that some more? -- Kelley Slagle
I had just received my degree in Calcium Anthropology, the study of milkmen.
I had more thoughts over the weekend but I forgot them because they were at a party and I was busy staring at some girl's legs. -- Aaron Davison
I had not truly experienced pop culture, and therefore had not truly understood the goal of all civilization to this day, until I heard Cher sing the phrase, "I've got yours, and Butthead, you've got mine." -- Nathan Loofborrow
I had pretty much forgotten television existed and now it has all of the charm, but none of the color, of a city dump. -- Jim Harrison (Sundog)
I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me. -- Much Ado About Nothing
I had some ideas about some performance art with a guy named Jeremy. Only it's *Ron* Jeremy! -- Mark Williams
I had some words with my wife, and she had some paragraphs with me.
I had to hit him. He was starting to make sense.
I had to leave a design meeting to go to the can and restrain myself from puking. I've never seen such an incredibly poor excuse for a software system as the crap I'm supposed to be building & reviewing here. Elegance? Simplicity? A thought-out architecture? Who's asking for that! I'm just asking for something slightly less than 3 dozen components that all duplicate each others' function and won't ever fit together. -- Ron Resnick
I had to quit my job to have time to read my email. -- Adam Curry
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
I had to use FORTRAN on many occasions to help my parents out. Most courts would consider that child abuse. -- Andrew Stellman
I had to wake up to call in sick to work. -- Kristin Buckwalter
I hadn't even considered the possibilities lying would open up. -- Megan Coughlin
I happen to be a Republican president- ah, the vice president. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I happen to feel that the degree of a person's intelligence is directly reflected by the number of conflicting attitudes she can bring to bear on the same topic. -- Lisa Alther (Kinflicks)
I hate being good (or trying to fake it). -- Calvin
I hate drinking games. They slow me down!!!
I hate every boy I ever kissed. While going through my shaky mental list, I could not think of one who was not deserving of my hatred... even the so-called good guys. -- Tara Morrison
I HATE it when it does that
I hate it when they throw their bras at me - their panties. It's such a waste. None of them fit me. -- Engelbert Humperdinck
I hate life, I hate death and everything in between just doesn't interest me. -- Chris Rapier
I hate magazines for teenage girls, unless I'm on the cover. -- Jason Miller
I hate making predictions; especially about the future
I hate mankind, for I think myself on of the best of them, and I know how bad I am. -- Samuel Johnson
I hate myself and want to die. -- Nirvana
I hate people... And when I say I hate people, I count myself. I haven't done anything drastic to change the world. -- Cameron Diaz (USA Today 7/30/98)
I hate questionarres -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I hate quotations. Tell me what *you* think.
I hate quotations. Tell me what you know. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate quotations. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate small talk. That's a big reason I'm not a serial dater. -- Richard Goodman
I hate taking naps. Waking up once a day is bad enough.
I hate that part of the day where i've read all the newsgroups and looked at all the interesting web pages so now it's either just sit here bored or do work. -- Adam Rixey
I hate the idea of causes, and if I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country. -- E. M. Forster
I hate these director's cuts. -- Homer Simpson
I hate this business. If I didn't hate getting up in the morning more, I'd chuck it all in and get a proper job tomorrow. -- John Constantine
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. -- Hunter S. Thompson
I hate VMS. I can't think in dollar signs. -- Esther Filderman
I hated my place in the world. -- Jerry Maguire
I have *always* thought of Wean as just one big, huge concrete canvas. -- Nathan Loofborrow
I have *no* idea where they spooged my address from. Yes, a letter to postmaster is on the way. -- Rohit Khare
I have 2 brothers and 1 sister. My sister has 3 brothers and NO sisters. -- Steven Wright
I have a 30-year contract, and the lawyer who drew it up for me got the same sentence.
I have a 9600bps modem and 1.5bps fingers...
I have a better idea... let's drink our dinner!
I have a cat named Trash. In the current political climate it would seem that if I were trying to sell him (at least to a Computer Scientist), I would not stress that he is gentle to humans and is self-sufficient, living mostly on field mice. Rather, I would argue that he is object-oriented. -- Roger King
I have a conservative penis. -- Michael Miller
I have a cunning plan -- Baldric (BlackAdder (I - IV))
I have a daughter who goes to SMU. She could've gone to UCLA here in California, but it's one more letter she'd have to remember. -- Sheckly Greene
I have a dog I named stay. Come, Stay. Come, Stay
I have a drinking problem. I can't afford it.
I have a feeling good taste is not one of your strong points. -- Golden Years
I have a firm grip on reality. Now I can strangle it. -- Jolyon Silversmith
I have a girlfriend who is only 3 feet tall. I'm just nuts over her!
I HAVE a good excuse. I just have to think of it.
I have a good vocabulary. I just can't spell any of it. -- Steven Johnson
I have a habit of dating bipolar musicians who, if given the choice, would run infront of a bullet to save their amp, but not me. Do I sound bitter? Nah. I've transformed these annoying dating incidents into entertaining stories to tell at cocktail parties. -- Bonnie Burton
I have a hard time getting pissed at a compiler that was free, so I like the non-free ones better. -- John Dobbin
I have a headache this big, and it has a boot to the head written all over it. -- Jeff Magnuson
I have a hobby. I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it. -- Steven Wright
I have a husband and a dog. What the hell do I need kids for?
I have a jean folding seminar to attend. -- Reality Bites
I have a little prepared speech I give when my suitor wants more than I'd like to give him. Gee Blank I had a really nice... -- Heathers
I have a long journey to take, and must bid the company farewell. -- Sir Walter Raleigh
I have a lot of homework and I can't justify blowing it off to see a movie without at least 30 violent deaths. -- Steve Bajzek
I have a medic alert card that says I'm a hypochondriac. -- Dennis Miller
I have a microwave fireplace. You can lay down in front of the fire all night in eight minutes. -- Steven Wright
I have a mind like a steel...uh...thingamajig...
I have a nasty case of don't-want-to-be-on-your-worthless-program-itis. -- David Letterman
I have a natural revulsion to any operating system that shows so little planning as to have named all of its commands after digestive noises (awk, grep, fsck, nroff). -- Unix-Haters Handbook
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time. -- Charles Schulz
I have a pantry. What else should I do with it, if not stock it with chocolate chips? -- Megan Coughlin
i have a persistent object...in my pants!! -- Brad Barkett
I have a pet pig. His pen name is Scripto.
I have a photographic memory, but I keep forgetting to put the film in. -- Peter Campbell
I have a plan so cunning you could brush your teeth with it. -- Blackadder II
I have a plan that will solve all the ills of the sports world. Multiple balls. Why should I be forced to watch Michael Jordan dribble down the court while everyone else stands around. Wouldn't it be much more exciting if Shawn Kemp were scoring an uncontested basket at the other end? -- John Dobbin
I have a rare case of 48-hour projectile leprosy, but I know we have that deadline to meet...
I have a rock garden. Last week three of them died.
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. -- A. R. Longworth
I have a sixth sense: ESPN.
I have a social philosophy; you have political opinions; he has an ideology. -- C. Geertz
I have a solution for X, but it involves Uma Thurman, some linseed oil, and a pair of jumper cables - none of which I have at my disposal at the present moment. -- Duck
I have a spare helmet that'll fit you, Adam, but for a trip to Orange County, being inside a steel cage with shoulder restraints would be a bit more calming... -- Mack Rhinelander
I have a speech impediment... my foot.
I have a speech impediment....my foot
I have a surplus of feminism that I'd be willing to sell to Pat Robertson. -- Megan Coughlin
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything. Every once in a while I turn it on and off. One day I got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!" -- Steven Wright
I have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve. I have a history of losing my shirt. -- Barenaked Ladies
I have a theory that hieroglyphics are really an ancient comic strip about a character named Sphynxie. -- When Harry Met Sally
I have a trig test tomorrow and I'm being chased by Guido the Killer Pimp? -- Risky Business
I have a very firm grasp on reality! I can reach out and strangle it any time!
I have a weight problem. I cannot weight to eat.
I have abandoned my search for truth. Now I'm looking for a good fantasy.
I have absolute confidence as to his integrity. -- George H. W. Bush (On Nixon, during Watergate)
I have access to the most deceptive, duplicitous, deceitful person on the face of the planet. I'd be stupid not to use that. -- Seinfeld
I have all these great genes... the problem is, they're recessive. -- Calvin's Dad
I have already not made that point.
I have always found music during sex to be acceptionally difficult as I can never concentrate on sex AND playing the guitar at the same time. My ex played the drums and this meant that we just couldn't get comfortable in any position where sex was possible and she could still reach the drums so we gave up. -- lxd@robin.cs.nott.ac.uk
I have always had a yen for the yin and yang... so one day I'm thinking to myself, "Why not Zen too?" -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, "I'm home now, but leave a message and I'll call when I'm out." -- Steven Wright
I have an incredible urge to jump through someone.
I have an intense desire to return to the womb. Anybody's. -- Woody Allen
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
I have been a happy man ever since January 1, 1990, when I no longer had an email address. I'd used email since about 1975, and it seems to me that 15 years of email is plenty for one lifetime. -- Donald E. Knuth
I have been a soreheaded occupant of a file drawer labeled Science Fiction and I would like out, particularly since so many serious critics regularly mistake the drawer for a urinal. -- Kurt Vonnegut Jr (Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons, Science Fiction, 1974)
I have been listening to this for a decade--about this phenomenal revolution that is going to influence my life so deeply and change everything. Well, my life has not been deeply influenced by it. If you want to know what's revolutionized my life, it's the birth of my two children. -- Clifford Stoll on "the Internet revolution"
I have been placed upon this Earth to torment you. YOU.... -- Dan Martinez
I have been poor and I have been rich. Rich is better. -- Sophie Tucker
I have been reading People magazine quite a lot lately, and I've noticed that everyone mentioned has had some kind of tragedy in their youth. Which suggests that the interviewers are really pushing for that info. Which has been making me wonder what I would say if I were being interviewed. I need to come up with some kind of tragedy in my youth, just in case. -- Megan Coughlin
I have been rumored to been in altered states for years at a time.
I have been telling people it would come to this for a LONG time. Of course everyone thought I was 1) nuts, or 2) an asshole, but again as usual I'm right. -- Tim Byars
I have bungee fever and there is only one cure... BOING!!!
I have come to the conclusion that Celine Dion is an alien and that her so-called "music" is actually sinister mind control beams. I am fortunately resistant and can hear the "music" for the shrill, awful, pouty crapola that it is, but it is evident to me that much of humanity has fallen into the alien's sinister grip. My contacts have also let it be known to me that a certain race of strictly homosexual herion addicted blue-skinned planetary observers has elected Leonardo DiCaprio their leader. -- Robert Rodgers
I have come to the conclusion that one useless man is called a disgrace; that two or more are called a law firm; and that three or more become a Congress. And by God I have had _this_ Congress! -- John Adams
I have come to the conclusion that politics is too serious a matter to be left to the politicians. -- Charles de Gaulle
I have come to the decision that "user-friendly" is basically a mistake because it allows any idiot to use a computer. Just like automatic transmissions are a mistake for the same reason. Also books on tape, instant coffee, and disposable pens, but I digress. -- Elliott Evans
I have come up with a sure-fire concept for a hit television show, which would be called `A Live Politician Gets Eaten by a Shark'.
I have come up with some interesting variations, especially in the area of compound verbs. -- George Carlin
I have crossed oceans of time to find you. -- Bram Stoker's Dracula
I have David Hasselhoff and Laura Branigan singing a duet. -- Howard Stern
i have de.ci.ded that we should just break all words at they're sy.la.ble boun.dar.ies be.cause hey, it's cool. -- Joshua Schachter
I have decided to ensure myself a type of perpetual, albeit posthumous, engagement. -- Jonathan Hartman (Who has drawn up a will leaving his skull to the Royal Shakespeare Company, so that he can appear for ever as Yorick in Hamlet.)
I have delusions of adequacy. -- Bruce Sherrod
I have dirty thoughts about everyone I meet. -- Howard Stern
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me. -- Camillo Di Cavour
I have enough trouble socializing with people. I don't need some object saying 'good morning' to me. -- Ted Nelson
I have feelings too, I just choose to hide them underneath bitter denial. -- Ms. Musso (Parker Lewis Can't Lose)
I have finally found my soulmate. Now what do I do with my husband?
I have finally reached my breaking point. I am installing arules-based mailfilter that will summarily toss ANY mail cc:ed to dobbin into /dev/null. -- Rohit Khare
I have forgotten more law than you ever knew, but allow me to say, I have not forgotten much. -- Sir John Maynard
I have found a proof / of Fermat's conjecture, but / Haiku is too short. -- Jim Propp (Department of Mathematics, MIT)
I have found power in the mysteries of thought. -- Euripides
I have found that it is much easier to fake an orgasm than to pretend to like basketball.
I have found that most of the witty "oh you broke your car" commentary comes from people who drive wussy pissant cars like saturns. why is that? Whereas my porsche owning friends are more like "ha ha that's nothing, you should have seen the time i had to replace, not only my engine, but my LEFT LEG!" -- Faisal Jawdat
i have found that the closer to midnight it gets, the closer to my ass anything i say becomes. -- Owen Davis
I have found the imitation of Christ to be largely an exercise in heartbreak. Not that I seem much like an imitator of Christ: A pious marble statue I am not. Believing in Christ has made me more aware of my faults and better at fixing them, but I am not a great model. I am not poor in spirit, I am not meek, and I don't love my neighbor all that much. I try much harder than I used to, but I still fail. Looking at myself, I am not surprised that Christians often get blamed for hypocricy. But that's really Christianity's point. The central teaching of the religion is that no matter how well we humans know what we ought to do, we can't do it, at least not all of the time. We can be pretty petty creatures, even pretty monstrous ones in the wrong circumstances. But the glorious kicker of it all is that God loves us anyway. We may prefer to wallow in our silly prides and pointless desires, but God forgives us for it and wants to drag us, kicking and screaming, into the sweet kingdom of gentleness and openness and acceptance. -- Dan Fried
I have got your money and you'll never see it and your fly's still open. Oh! I made you look! -- Friends
I have great faith in fools - self confidence my friends call it. -- Edgar Allan Poe
I have had no problems with DOS either, I use UNIX.
I have had people walk out on me before, but not when I was being so charming. -- Blade Runner
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
I have high hopes. Time to move that rubber tree plant. -- John Dobbin
I have hundreds of net friends, and if even one of them is a serial killer I'm going to be very put off. -- Adam Rifkin
I have just been called conservative! Mark this day in your calendar!! -- Tim Byars (May 1 1997)
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there. -- Fred Allen
I have just signed legislation outlawing Russia. -- Ronald Reagan
I have kitten breath. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I have learned more from my mistakes than from my successes. -- Sir Humphry Davy
I have learned To spell hors d'oeuvres Which still grates on Some people's n'oeuvres. -- Warren Knox
I have learned to use the word 'impossible' with the greatest caution. -- Wernher von Braun
I have lifted this speech from Bartlett's "Familiar Quotations". If more people would acknowledge that they got their pearls of wisdom from that book instead of the original, it might clear the air. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Hocus Pocus)
I have lived in this world just long enough to look carefully the second time into things that I am most certain of the first time. -- Josh Billings
I have looked in so many places that I am sure I am closer to its being found than it being lost. -- Winnie the Pooh
I have looked into the abyss, and the abyss looked also back into me. Neither of us liked what we saw.
I have loved the stars too fondly to ever fear the night. -- Robert Miller
I have made good judgments in the Past. I have made good judgments in the Future. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I have never made one. -- James Gordon Bennett
I have made mistakes, but have never made the mistake of claiming I never made one. -- James Gordon Bennett
I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter. -- Blaise Pascal
I have made this letter longer than usual, only because I have not had the time to make it shorter. -- Blaise Pascal (Provincial Letters)
I have managed to miss EVERY SINGLE DEADLINE that has been set this term. Every single one was extended or futzed: every homework, every form, every bill, every exam, every piece of paperwork. -- Rohit Khare
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons. -- T. S. Eliot
I have middle class remorse. I feel remorseful that I'm not upper class. -- John Dobbin
I have more humility in my pinky than you have in your whole body.
i have my doubts that the evening will wind up with us together unless ... the first words out of her mouth are "i" and "apologize" in that order
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -- Mark Twain
I have never seen one of these intact before! It is the famous Dead Sea Tupperware. Plbbbbb! Still good! -- Robin Williams
i have never seen so much blatant irresponsiblity masquerading as free-thinking in one place at one time... and it's not even *pretty* -- Ilen Zazueta-Hall
I have no belief, but I believe I'm a walking contradiction, and I have got no right. -- Green Day
I have no exucse for being late, but I have a reason. -- Joel Franklin
I have no genitalia, I sold my kids for cheese. -- Weird Al Yankovic
I have no GPA anymore, I'm not in school. Out here we do this by salary. Or Penis size depending on the context. I'll go with penis size here, mine is bigger than hers. -- John Dobbin
I have no intention of scaring people. That's the administration's job. -- Chris Cox
I have no mouth and I must scream.
I have no power. Why should she have the upper hand? Once in my life I would like the upper hand. I have no hand. No hand at all. She has the hand. I have no hand. -- Seinfeld
I have no respect for people with no shopping agenda. -- Mallrats
I have no sense of history? HE wears a brown tie! -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I have no time for monks resisting the carnival.
I have no use for men who fail. The cause of their failure is no business of mine, but I want successful men as my associates. -- John D. Rockefeller
I have not heard any deaf jokes recently.
I have nothing against Pat Robertson being born again, but did he have to come back as himself? -- R.P.J. Day
I have nothing to declare except my genius. -- Oscar Wilde
I have noticed that cats are little impressed by religion. -- Sherri Tepper
I have noticed that the people who are late are often so much jollier than the people who have to wait for them. -- E.V. Lucas
i have now officially read every single quote in your quote file. i now officially have no life. -- May Jawdat
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
I have pantyhose older than you are. -- John Myers' mother to Rob Earhart
I have rarely, if ever, seen Acknowledgement sections as gratuitously profligate as yours. -- Rohit Khare
I have returned Free!!!
I have run out of sick leave, so I'm calling in dead.
I have sated my need to file, but am helpless before the howling pit bull of 95. -- Rohit Khare
I have seen ten years of young men who rush out into the world with their messages, and when they find how deaf the world is, they think they must save their strength and wait. They believe that after a while they will be able to get up on some little eminence from which they can make themselves heard. 'In a few years,' reasons one of them, 'I shall have gained a standing, and then I will use my powers for good.' Next year comes and with it a strange discovery. The man has lost his horizon of thought. His ambition has evaporated; he has nothing to say. I give you this one rule of conduct. Do what you will, but speak out always. Be shunned, be hated, be ridiculed, be scared, be in doubt, but don't be gagged. The time of trial is always. Now is the appointed time. -- John Jay Chapman
I have seen the Clown of Cancer, and he is us.
I have seen the enemy and he is a big purple bag of shit with foam teeth. Let us pray for our souls to keep. -- pierres@microsoft.uucp
I have seen the evidence. I want DIFFERENT evidence!
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three. -- Elayne Boosler
I have Slack. I had a 0 GPA at midsemester in the spring, and Laughed at it. -- Geoff Spear
I have Slack. The cars can't hit me. Or kill me. -- Geoff Spear
I have so much to do I think I'll go to bed.
I have some really awful lemonade. It'll give you diarhea. It's great. -- Sam Miller
I have something BETTER than chocolate. -- Riker
I have something the other slayers didn't have. My keen fashion sense. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I have spent all morning, from 9:30 to now, writing a measly three RFCs. How can anyone be so busy and get so little done? -- Rohit Khare
I have strong feelings about gun control. If there's a gun around, I want to be controlling it. -- Clint Eastwood
I have succumbed to the temptation you offered in your preface: I do write you off as envious malcontents and romantic keepers of memories. -- Dennis Ritchie
I have sworn on the altar of God Eternal to fight every tyranny against the mind of man. -- TJ
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man. -- Thomas Jefferson
I have sworn upon the alter of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man. -- Thomas Jefferson (1800)
I have the best hoobris in the business. -- Rohit Khare
I have the fourth Tiffany album. Somehow I suspect this is more pathetic. -- John Dobbin
I have the heart of a little child, and the brain of a genius. I keep them in a jar under my bed.
I HAVE THE MOST TOYS! I WIN!!!! -- Mark Denovich
I have the nose of a ferret! -- Howard Stern
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best. -- Oscar Wilde
I have this theory that it is the dream of most educated people to own/work in a bookstore. -- Megan Coughlin
I have three treasures, which I guard and keep. The first is compassion. The second is economy. The third is humility. From compassion comes courage. From economy comes the means to be generous. From humility comes responsible leadership. -- Lao-tse (Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet)
I have three years of work to do, and do not have an hour to waste. I'm not running X, though, nor do I have any desire to play spellcaster at 9am.
I have to convince you, or at least snow you... -- Prof. Romas Aleliunas (CS 435)
I have to sharpen my adze so I can continue working on my carving of Boutros-Boutros Gali. -- Megan Coughlin
I Have To Stop Now, My Fingers Are Getting Hoarse
I have to stop now. My fingers are getting hoarse.
I have to take an oxygen break here. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
I have tried in my time to be a philosopher; but, I don't know how, cheerfulness was always breaking in. -- Oliver Edwards
I have trouble enough trying to fit it in in very low periods. -- Robert Harley
I have two glowsticks, you have two nether orifices. Coincidence? I think not. -- Vijay Gill
I have Win95 on my computer. I'm not wowed, but neither have I been adversely affected. But, then, my geekdom is limited to minor modifications of pine, same with Eudora, and a few lines of html. So for me, Microsoft is the reclusive serial killer down the hallway with whom I am not intimately involved enough to be explicitly aware of the damage he's doing. I just sit home and eat my steak tartar quietly. -- Ridgely Schantz
I have won and you have lost. The question is, why? -- Shin (Fist of the North Star)
I have written the tale of our days for a sheltered people's mirth, in jesting guise, but ye are wise, and know what the jest is worth. -- Rudyard Kipling
I have yet to meet a C compiler that is friendlier and easier to use than eating soup with a steak knife.
i have, as of late, tried to find the root of this particular emotion and its various manifestations (personal hatred, world hunger, the republican party, hale-bopp, hollywood, automatic porsches, wired, Mtv unplugged, stock market crashes, the stock market, financial analysts, money, no money, pink floyd breakups, bill gates, spam, peter jennings, intolerance, tolerance of the intolerable, deep blue, fast food, slow food, work, insomnia, apple pie, injection-molded plastics, new music, the raido, the tv, the microwave, the toaster, geothermal warming, and urban hipsterism) and have decided that it boils down to one single, quantifiable, elemental issue. you need more horsepower. -- Chris Heiser
I haven't asked for much in life, and Lord knows I've gotten it. -- Al Bundy
I haven't been to Disney World for years, but if the Baptists are going to boycott it, then it must be something I need to see.
I haven't experienced the full Wraith of Ari either. Not that I wanna. What a haunting idea. You'd expectre any less? -- the ARs
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that don't work. -- Thomas Edison
I haven't figured out where they go in the eating order yet. I used to do light brown, then yellow, then orange, then red, then green, then dark brown. Now I'm stumped. -- Kate Page
I haven't got the foggiest idea of an inkling of a hint of a clue. -- Robert Harley
I haven't had much use for manifestos since I found the gospel of cynical hedonism.
I haven't had sex for so long, I don't remember who gets tied up.
I haven't had time to read the [Java] specification and I can't take the time for the next couple of weeks because I'm on a deadline, but I have a whole list of things I hate about C++ (I work with it every day) and I'd like to get them tossed into the ring for consideration. If these are already in the language, please flame me. -- Casey Leedom
I haven't laughed so much since yesterday.
I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
I haven't lost my mind. I know exactly where I left it.
I haven't lost my mind. It's backed up on tape somewhere.
I haven't lost my mind. It's right here in this jar.
I haven't lost my mind... I'm sure it's backed up here somewhere!
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where it is.
I haven't lost my mind; it's backed up on tape somewhere!
I haven't seen the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, the Louvre. I haven't seen anything. I don't really care. -- Tyra Banks
I haven't seen this many sideburns since West Side Story. -- Nicholas Cage (Honeymoon in Vegas)
i haven't slept since the 1st test. i should stay awake and take the 3rd tonight, proving you can condense a semester into 3 days with no sleep. on second thought, i have nothing to prove, and there's a bottle of tequila and a futon with my name on 'em -- Geoff Spear
I haven't spoken to my mother-in-law for eighteen months. I don't like to interrupt her. -- Ken Dodd
I haven't written it. Would it help if I worked on it now? It's really dull stuff. -- Dan Connolly
I haven't yet decided whether the blame for this arrangement belongs to Netscape or to Apple, as could be inferred from the fact that no one's been seriously injured for it yet. -- Dan Martinez
I hear all this talk about base memory, expanded memory, and extended memory. What is the difference, and why don't I have them on my Amiga?
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I read and I learn. I do and I understand. -- Confucious
I hear lots of people saying that they aggressively use their Pilots, and I don't think they're lying, unlike the Newton people. -- Anu Kapoor
I hear my mom, I gotta go to bed. -- Jerry Maguire
I hear the handwriting on the wall. -- David Farber
I hear the wind blow. It seems to say hello, I'm the one who loves you so. -- They Might Be Giants
I hear there's a central American country where the average annual income is like $25. That sounds like a cool place to go, (hey, I would never have to earn another penny.) but I have this feeling that the standard of living would disappoint me. -- John Dobbin
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I hear words and clips and phrases. I think sick like ginger ale. My stomach turns and I exhale. -- Eve 6 (Inside Out)
I hear you use your umbrella as a screen saver. -- Grlygrl201@aol.com
I hear you're the first candidate for retroactive abortion...
I heard it was really gnarly: she sucked down a bowl of multi-purpose deodorizing disinfectant and then SMASH! -- Heathers
I heard someone saying you weren't fit to eat with pigs. I stuck up for you and said that you were.
I heard that if you give Alka Seltzer to seagulls, they explode. I'll betcha this is where the term "gullible" comes from. -- Paul Paternoster
I heard that the new slogan for the Southern Baptist Convention will be, "It's a small mind after all."
I HEART CHEAP IRONY -- Kristiina Wilson
I herd cyberpunks on the electronic frontier. -- Chad McDaniel
I herewith commission you to carry out all preperations with regard to the Total Solution of the Jewish question in those territories of Europe which are under German influence. -- Herman Goering
I hit 528 Graffitt WPM regularly. I do have "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dogs." set up as a shortcut though.... .. -- Steve Nizyborski
I hold it to be the inalienable right of anybody to go to hell in his own way. -- Robert Frost (address in Berkeley, California, 1935)
I hold that a little rebellion is a good thing. -- Thomas Jefferson
I hope he states that the conception of marriage. The faithful, monogamous part is out dated. That marriage as a partership is intact, marriage as a ball and chain is not. -- Tim Byars
I hope I'll be able to adapt back to a regular social structure after four/five years of CMU. -- Andrew Stellman
I hope I'm not being all depressing, but that is kind of my point here. -- Bruce Sterling
I hope if dogs ever take over the world and they choose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas. -- Jack Handey
I hope it feels so good to be right. There's nothing more exhilarating than pointing out the shortcomings of others, is there? -- Clerks
I hope it's a long ceremony, 'cause it's gonna be a short honeymoon. -- Spaceballs
I hope it's not one guy with a computer and 4,000 pictures of me. -- Teri Hatcher (EW252)
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it. -- Jack Handey
I hope she dances better than she welds. Those joints won't hold fuck-all. -- The Full Monty on Flashdance
I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its eggs in my brain, because later you might think you're having a good idea but it's just eggs hatching. -- Jack Handey
I hope that after I die, people will say of me: "That guy sure owed me a lot of money." -- Jack Handey
I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people. -- Jack Handey
I hope the answer is either this or the egg sandwich I just got from Jack-in-the-Crack :0) -- Rohit Khare
I hope there's no afterlife. I want to die and be done with it. -- R. Pitman Sutton
I hope this doesn't disrupt the trendy "The World Sucks, Everybody Sucks; Well, Maybe Not As Much As I Do; I'd Like To Suck More Than You Do, Really I Would; Hey, Sucking Any More Would Be An Improvement"... attitude. -- Drew Olbrich
I hope Washington lowers taxes so people can afford to pay 'em. -- Will Rogers
I hope we never lose sight of one thing... that it all started with a mouse. -- Walt Disney
I hope we will pull into San Franciso with a truck full of guns and hearts full of hate. -- Dan Martinez (Originally spoken as "...a trunk full of guns...", but the online misquotation has taken on a life of its own.)
I hope when the right woman comes along you'll have the courage and the guts to say, sorry, I'm married. -- Friends
i hope you all appreciate that i'm doing all my own stunts here -- Ethan Schartman
I hope you don't really have a scrotum separator. If you do, please never mention it again. -- John Dobbin
I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away.
I hope you know that this will go down on your permanent record. -- Violent Femmes
I hope your face ends up on a milk carton.
I hope your life is like a roll of toilet paper. Long and useful.
I idiot-proof my programs,but along comes a bigger idiot.
I installed a skylight in my apartment. The people above me are furious.
I invented the cordless extension cord. -- Steven Wright
I is a college student.
I is a university student. -- Bumper sticker
I is knot dain bramaged
I joined Alcoholics Anonymous so I can drink under an assumed name...
I just bought a second VCR to support my television viewing. -- John Dobbin
I just came back from the Vatican... kind of disillusioning... they had a Hard Rock. -- Dennis Miller
I Just can not resist a little fun along the way. :-)
I just can't identify with that kind of work ethic. -- Calvin
I just can't stand the visual rape of walking down St. Marks Pl. and having all these unknown people offend me with facial piercings, which are there purely to shock and give a pretense of alienation. If they want to upset their mother and father figures, they should go and shit on their floor. And as for their supposed 'tribalism,' just throw and $100 bill into the middle of the room and see how unified they are. -- Genesis P-Orridge
I just discovered a new birth control device. My wife takes off her makeup.
I just don't have enough faith in my employability. -- Megan Coughlin
I just don't like my son spending all his time with a man who carries a gun and goes around whacking people. -- Witness
I just don't remember it, except for the jerkoff scene. -- Adam Rifkin
I just felt like I knew him. I miss him as a musician. We've lost quite a significant voice for this generation. -- Tori Amos (on Kurt Cobain, who died 4/8/94)
I just figured out what a kloc is. Shows how much I know. It's good that we geeks finally have a good "LOC" acronym. Fighter pilots have had G-LOC, like, for ever. If we get a few more good acronyms like FLIR, JATO, or AWACS, we'll be just as cool as they are. -- Martin Frankel
I just finished a book on levitation. I couldn't put it down!
I just finished a course called baseball connections for a salary increment. You cannot believe how little a person can know after living fifty years. -- Linda Rifkin
I just found out that I was switched at birth. Legally, I shouldn't come to work knowing my employee records may now contain false information.
I just found out that I'm one inch taller than I thought. -- Christie Brinkley
I just get the feeling that I'd be incredibly jealous of my hypothetical wife (who I'm sure I'd love since I can't imagine getting into a loveless hypothetical marriage) getting to spend so much more time with our wonderful hypothetical children. -- John Dobbin
I just got here after sleeping late and luxuriously reading the newspaper - I MUST BE ON VACATION :-) -- Eve Schooler
I just got skylights put in my place. The people who live above me are furious. -- Steven Wright
I just have one question. Where are the monkeys? A guy goes to a film expecting monkeys and doesn't get any monkeys. Who wouldn't be dissatisfied? -- Mr. Cranky
I just like it the way I like it. -- When Harry Met Sally
I just like the idea of "plea-ing" "wreckless" driving. "Yes, officer, I was speeding, but it was wreckless!" -- Megan Coughlin
I just looked in the mirror, things aren't looking so good, I'm looking California and feeling Minnesota. -- Soundgarden
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more. -- Bill Hoest
I just ordered three books via my own book site by adding them to my site before ordering them from Amazon.com. I'm on my way to earning about 4 cents! -- Megan Coughlin
I just picked up a book called Glue in Many Lands and I can't put it down.
I just play here.
I just plugged and played! -- Jeremy Werner
I just quoted myself. Don't tell anybody, eh? -- Fleur Dragan
I just read a little article about the pride of workmanship that the person at an Irish bar displays in pouring out stout; why it takes 10 minutes; and, why its the very worst of manners to try to hurry him along. -- Mani Chandy
I just realized that some carbon molecules must be shaped like hollow geodesic balls!! Erk!!! -- Ratbert
I just returned from a pleasure trip. I took my husband to the airport.
I just saw Titanic, which is a $200 million film about a real-life disaster at sea, but according to Hollywood Logic, none of the actual passengers was interesting enough, so the writer-director had to invent a Romeo and Juliet-style fictional couple to heat up the catastrophe. This seems a tiny bit like giving Anne Frank a wacky best friend, to perk up that attic. -- Libby Gelman-Waxner (Premiere)
I just sent a jpeg compressed image, in a uuencoded, gzipped, tar file, as a MIME attachment. Is that cool, or stupid? -- Bruce Sherrod
I just steal 'em, I don't explain 'em.
I just steal them, I don't write them.
I just succeeded in getting my SPARCstation and my PC to use the same Netscape bookmarks file. All it took, aside from mapping an SMB server to a drive letter, was a little surgery on the Windows 95 Registry. I don't know whether to be really pleased, or to succumb to the feeling of impending disaster and of tampering with unholy forces that always attends tinkering with the Registry. -- Dan Martinez
I just think my life would be a lot easier if I were a John Grisham character. -- Adam Rifkin
I just think the whole thing is a testament to my inner peace. Or a testament to my deafness. -- John Dobbin
I just think we should give them REAL toilet paper. -- Blackadder IV
I just used an emoticon, I feel so unclean... -- Mike Wallace
I just want what every woman wants... a nice home, a loving family, an occasional spanking... -- Kathy Ireland
I just want you to be happy. -- Megan Coughlin
I just wanted to be the first person to use the word "terahertz" on Unhinged. -- Martin Frankel
I just wanted to remind you all of the issue of the nineties (it *will* lead to world peace): MORE GOOD SEX FOR THOSE WHO WANT IT!! -- Regis Donovan
I just watched the wall, i might as well be drunk. -- Steve Bajzek
I just went over the Emancipation Proclamation and Lincoln never signed it. -- Eddie Murphy
I just went to my high school reunion and I discovered that the unpopular, oddball kids blossomed into worthwhile adults. The prom queens and BMOCS are all fat, dull and miserable. Fortunately, life is cruel like that. -- Eve Golden (Movieline 3/96)
I keep forgetting you're a real person who ages. Most television characters don't age in real time. -- John Dobbin
I keep my .BAT files in C:\BELFRY.
I keep six honest serving-men (They taught me all I knew); Their names are What and Why and When And How and Where and Who. -- Rudyard Kipling
I kept my nose to spite my face. -- Barbara Streisand
I kew a girl, she was a macho man.
I killed a 6-pack just to watch it die.
I kind of like the idea of a universal Hansard. Every nuance, every bit, right or wrong, spoken in passion or from reason, drunk or sober, trapped. Caught. Frozen. Pickled. Searchable. Archivable. Part of the historical record. Your corrections can come later. And they'll get trapped and pickled too. But I think having the original verbatim of everything is a neat and useful thing. Damned dangerous too, I admit, but hey, so's driving at 85mph, right? -- Ron Resnick
I knew a prostitute with a psychology degree who could blow your mind.
I knew a Southern bigot who was a bed wetter. He used to go to his Klan meetings in rubber sheets. -- Woody Allen
I knew I had SOME reason for not killing you. Now what was it?
I knew I was lost, but I didn't know I was this lost!!! How the heck did I get to Asia? -- John Karro
I knew my mainframe background would someday prove useful! I already know how to keep myself entertained while waiting for a batch job to finish... -- Berna Massingill
I knew she was satisfied because she untied me.
I knew the gratuitous bra scene had to be CGI. The curve of Julia Roberts' breasts was too reminiscent of the Sterns-Rahaja pertness algorithm. -- Dan Appelquist
I knew you'd be checking this. That's why it's strategically vague.
I knifed the forklift driver 'cause he was spoonin' with you.
I know 76% of voters were for it, but 76% of voters are dumb. I'm completely in favor of voting against the 3-strikes bill. -- Megan Coughlin
I know a cross-eyed teacher who can't control his pupils.
I know a good Gas'n'Sip on El Camino. We can hang out, drink some 40s, and scam on the chicks. -- Martin Frankel
I know all there is to know about the crying game. -- Dave Berry
I know and I know you know I know.
I know enough about the World, to know that I don't want to know anything more. -- Sly
I know everyone says sense of humor, but I really have to go with breast size. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I know everything about everything, except that.
I know faisal. That alone qualifies me for several dozen high-tech jobs. -- Tripp Lilley
I know God will not give me anyting I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much.
I know I have at times had the need for a hammer, crayons, a pumpkin, a Nixon mask, and a BB gun but I don't feel the urge to carry those things around with me all the time. At what point do you say stop? -- Richard Goodman
I know I made some very nice FFT slides, but I can't find them. Do any of you know where they are? -- Mani Chandy
I know I should say no, but it's kind of hard when she's ready to go. -- Offspring
I know I shouldn't go around making random fictitious assertions about people. But... what the fuck. Random assertions are what computer science is all about. The joke was just lying there. I couldn't resist. -- Olin Shivers
I know I'm lucky. I always have been.
I know I've felt like this before, but now I'm feeling it even more, because it came from you. -- Cranberries
I know I've just got to get out of this place, I can't stand any more of that mechanical grace. -- Elvis Costello
I know it all. I just can't remember it all at once.
I know my baby's loose, 'cause she shakes her caboose. -- John Dobbin
I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death. -- Patrick Henry
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
I know nothing about sex, because I was always married. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
I know nothing at all about the crying game. I'd like to keep it that way. -- John Dobbin
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance. -- Socrates
I know nothing. -- Ken Thompson
I know of no more valuable commodity than information. -- Wall Street
I know on which side my bread is buttered. -- John Heywood
I know one guy that if his ratty hair wacks me in the face one more time, I'm gonna go perky all over his ass!!!! -- Ken Nagle
I know she's playing with me. That's okay 'cause I have no self esteem. -- Offspring
I know so little, but I know it fluently...
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star in somebody else's sky. Why, why, why, can't it be, can't it be mine? -- Black by Pearl Jam
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life; I know someday you'll be a star in somebody else's sky. -- Pearl Jam
I know that guy. That is a bad guy. Can we go please? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I know that just adds up to a 10% discount, but I was much happier getting the free one instead. Besides, if they just lowered the price, then *everyone* would benefit, and that would suck. -- Megan Coughlin
I know that most men, including those at ease with problems of the greatest complexity, can seldom accept even the simplest and most obvious truth if it be such as would oblige them to admit the falsity of conclusions which they have delighted in explaining to colleagues, which they have proudly taught to others, and which they have woven, thread by thread, into the fabric of their lives. -- Leo Tolstoy
I know the answer! The answer lies within the heart of all mankind! The answer is 12? I think I'm in the wrong building. -- Charles Schulz
I know the day it happens. On August 29, 1997 it's going to feel pretty fucking real to you too. Anybody not wearing two million sun block is going to have a real bad day. Get it? -- Terminator 2
I know the magic spell that will save you from blue screens - but I'm not going to tell you. ... (And no cracks about the spell being "Buy Macintosh" - it's my birthday ya know) -- Scott Berkun
I know the name of Rob's Planet. It's called Vaporware. That's because all the developers are so busy putting the kitchen sink into their products that no one ever ships anything. Ever. -- Jay Laefer
I know the Rifkin Bouncemail Engine is a sieve, but on bcc:d private mail... !?!? -- Rohit Khare
I know the shape my breath will take before I let it out.
I know there ain't no such thing as a Sanity Clause! -- Chico Marx (A Night at the Opera)
I know things are getting tough when I can't reach the top of the bottom of the barrel... all I know is that I don't know nothing. -- Op IV
I know this is a hard thing for you to accept, Andrew, but I actually wasn't being sarcastic. -- Martin Frankel
I know what "too" means and I know what "sexual" means, but together those two words are nonsense. -- John Dobbin
I know what art is. and I AM NOT TELLING. -- death@punkassbitch.org
I know what Bo don't know. -- The Hotstepper
I know what it feels like to have your hormones pulling you in 1000 directions. -- Armageddon
I know what you are, but what am I? -- Pee Wee Herman
I know WINDOWS, boy. DOS AND WINDOWS. I can scavenge API calls with the best of them, and remap your drives to the toaster in your kitchen, but my UNIX expertise basically touches on ls -al and pine.
I know you are super busy, though, so if you cannot respond, I will remain your friend, but I will be forced to poison you with Sweet Tart concentrate. -- Kriste Jordan
I know you believe you understand what you think I meant, but I am sure, you realize, that what you heard is not what I said.
I know you lived in France but that doesn't mean you know everything. -- Frank O'Hara
I know you must feel harshly about me darling, but believe me, that feeling won't last long. -- Alaura Kingley (as she is about to unplug the iron lung in which her husband is living, City of Angels)
I know you said you don't eat anything with a face. But a good butcher will cut that part off for you if you ask.
I know you think you understood what I said, but what you heard was not what I meant.
I know you think you understood what you thought you read, but I'm not sure that you understand that what you read is not what I meant.
I KNOW you, sir. I have SEEN you TRAIPSE on the FIELDS of the APACAPSE. I have WATCHED you BEACH your BOAT on the BRANDED SANDS of the ISLE MOTAG. I have FELT the ANGELS BLEEDING, their SOILED SWEAT landing with a TRICKLE upon your UNFETTERED BROW. I have TASTED the BLACK GUM you have left on our SWEET STREETS in your MAD CHASE for the next SPEED BUMP. With my LEFT HAND I have USHERED IN this AGE, and with my RIGHT, this BURRITO. I. KNOW. YOU. -- Paul Mazaitis
I know you're not me, but it's much easier for me to like people who like me. In fact I find it hard to imagine not falling in love with someone who liked me. -- John Dobbin
I know you're supposed to take life one day at a time -- but lately several days have attacked me at once. -- Guy Streeter
I knowed a man in Paphlagonia who'd swallow a live snake every morning, when he got up. He used to say, he was certain of one thing, that nothing worse would happen to him all day. 'Course they made him eat a bowlful of hairy centipedes before they hung him, so maybe that claim was a bit presumptive. -- Neil Gaiman (Stardust)
i laughed. it is more worth matinee than full price. it feels more like an exposition, then it ends. WHERES MY CLIMAX!?!? WHERES MY DENOUEMENT!?!? -- Kerry Hagan
I learned a long time ago that if you can't spot the pigeon in a poker game, then you're probably it. -- Dr. Dective Alex Cross (In "Jack and Jill" by James Patterson)
I learned all the theories, and realized that ethics theories are the bunk. With ethics, practice is all that matters. What you do is what you are. -- Adam Rifkin
I learned long ago that in school you have to either work hard or rationalize well, and I do believe in going with one's strengths. -- Berna Massingill
I learned long ago that little plastic streamers hanging from your cat's ass does little for the holiday cheer. -- Martin Frankel
I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it. -- George Bernard Shaw
I learned the way a monkey learns - by watching its parents.
I leave for three weeks and suddenly Fermat's Last Theorem is solved! -- Robert Harley
I lent a guy ten grand to get plastic surgery, and now I don't know what he looks like.
I let my mind wander one day, and it never came back. Now I'm so far behind, I think I'm ahead! -- Calvin and Hobbes
I like "the technical description of things." It cracks me up that your paper has a single description, quite technical, of "things." I would really like to read that, in fact. You so seldom get a precise description of something so plural and generic. -- Megan Coughlin
I like a good beer buzz early in the morning. -- Sheryl Crow
I like a man who grins when he fights. -- Winston Churchill
I like a nice dark blend... espresso or something similar. Dark but not bitter is the key word for me - the African coffees are always nice. -- Megan Coughlin
I like being intriguing. Most people aren't. And sometimes I THINK people are intriguing, and then I get to know them and they just turn out to be weird. Oh, well.
I like being single. I'm always there when I need me. -- Art Leo
I like Boolean logic. NOT
I like children. If they're properly cooked. -- WC Fields
I like clay. It's mushy.
I like girls. I like ribs. This should have been one of my favorite pages on the web. And yet... It's not. -- John Dobbin
I like having a machine called 'elvis' on the network because that way, I can say 'ping elvis' and have it come back with 'elvis is alive'. -- Carl Shipley
I like him too, but can you like him a little less when I'm around? -- Tracey Duncan
I like it better in the dark.
I like it. It's got that "what a cruel world, so lets toss ourselves in the abyss" type of ambience.
I like kids, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.
I like long walks. Especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. -- Fred Allen
I like my illusion that there's some meaning to my life, even if it is wrong. -- John Dobbin
I like my mixed metaphors shaken, not stirred, thank you. -- Eric Raymond
I like my species the way it is. -- Worf (to Locutus)
I like my sugar with coffee and cream. -- Beastie Boys
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. -- Winston Churchill
I like pleasant-faced people, but the auctioneer is pleased to see a man who is for bidding.
I like rules. Rules are good. -- John Dobbin
I like sex the way I like basketball: one-on-one and with as little dribbling as possible. -- Naked Gun 33 1/3
I like that you corrected my change to your text. -- John Dobbin
I like that you managed to reply to 400K of email in 15 lines... -- John Dobbin
I like the 44 ounce Big Gulp. I buy one in the morning and I have all the nutrients I need for the whole day. -- Reality Bites
I like the Divx concept. As a computer science major, I often find my daily review of computer industry news somewhat embarassing since there's so much stupid snowjobbing and bullshiting in the computer industry. I really like Divx. Divx has renewed my faith in the computer industry by showing me that the consumer electronics industry is even stupider and, for that matter, smoking a whopping sack of crack if they think consumers are going to go for this phlegmwad of an idea. -- unknown user at yanman.com
I like the guy (I'm guessing) who is looking for information on "Business Letter Grammer." I assume he'll get a hit like, "This is a letter I wrote to my Grammer..." -- Megan Coughlin
I like the hands-on feel of punting [zephyr]. -- Adam Rixey
I like the stars. It's the illusion of permanence, I think. I mean, they're always flaring up and caving in and going out. But from here, I can pretend... I can pretend that things last. I can pretend that lives last longer than moments. Gods come, and gods go. Mortals flicker and flash and fade. Worlds don't last; and stars and galaxies are transient, fleeting things that twinkle lke fireflies and vanish into cold and dust. But I can pretend. -- Neil Gaiman (Sandman #48)
I like the stress, it keeps me bright-eyed and perky. Okay, wild-eyed and high-strung, whatever. -- Jan Ruocco
I like the word INDOLENCE. It makes my laziness seem classy. -- Bern Williams
I like these zero-action requests. -- Adam Rifkin
I like this opera crowd. I feel tough. -- Seinfeld
I like this shirt, and I'm saving the yellow one for when I'm lost at sea. -- Mad About You
I like this wal-mart funeral home idea. -- John Dobbin
I like to carry around three or four cans of that tire patching spray just in case something happens. -- Paul Bossi
I like to eat my friends, I make no bones about it. -- The Police
I like to go down to the dog pound and pretend that I've found my dog. Then I tell them to kill it anyway because I already gave away all of his stuff. Dog people sure don't have a sense of humor.
I like to go to a museum and stare at the old people.
I like to have my Gene Simmons doll rub up against my Tori Spelling doll's plastic boobs. -- Marilyn Manson
I like to interact with my food: You bite it, it hurts you back. -- David Letterman
I like to leave messages before the beep.
I like to operate on lawyers. They're heartless, spineless, gutless, and their head and their behind are interchangeable.
I like to reminisce with people I don't know.
I like to say "quark"! Quark, quark, quark, quark! -- Hobbes
I like to skate on the other side of the ice.
I like to think of my life as having sex with a woman in a coma while wearing a condom. I get what I need, but nobody else notices I was there. -- John Dobbin
I like to think of myself as a divide overflow.
I like to verb words. -- Calvin
I like two kinds of women: domestic and foreign.
I like unleavened bread. I don't get it enough. -- John Dobbin
I like using the phrase "transitive closure" because it makes me feel that computer science graduate school really was the best 10 years of my life. -- Pete Su
I like women with big... HEARTS! YEAH! THAT's it!
I like women. I prefer they be nude and subservient, but I like them. -- John Dobbin
I like work. It fascinates me! I can sit and watch it for hours.
I like work. It fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like work... I can sit and watch it for hours.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like you, but wouldn't want to see you working with subatomic particles.
I like you. That's why I'm going to kill you last. -- Arnold in Commando
I like your approach, now let's see your departure.
I like your cat, but I wouldn't want to be greedy, so I'll only take half. -- Sam Kass
I like your fantasies so much I'm switching sexual orientations. -- Men's Health (On how to break up)
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
I liked Beauty and the Beast a lot. Bitter, isolated, and physically repulsive. I can identify with that. -- Kevin Goldsmith
I liked the idea of a middle-aged love story that didn't have anybody dying of an incurable disease. -- Clint Eastwood on The Bridges of Madison County
I liked things better when I didn't understand them. -- Calvin
I liken starting one's computing career with Unix, say as an undergraduate, to being born in East Africa. It is intolerably hot, your body is covered with lice and flies, you are malnourished and you suffer from numerous curable diseases. But, as far as young East Africans can tell, this is simply the natural condition and they live within it. By the time they find out differently, it is too late. They already think that the writing of shell scripts is a natural act. -- Ken Pier (Xerox PARC)
I listen to Geoff talking about meeting at Buck's at a quarter to seven. I don't want to be at Buck's at 6:45 a.m. -- Reid Dennis (founder and General Partner, Institutional Venture Partners)
I live in a dorm. If I get drunk and wander around in my bathrobe throwing bottles, I get an internal citation and don't end up hitting any cars anyway. And you know I'm a compu-perfolk, because most of the reason I'm still living on campus is the cooo-el ten megabit network connections. -- Sam Kass
I live in another dimension, but I have a summer home in reality.
I live in San Francisco, where Halloween is redundant. -- Will Durst
I live in terror of not being misunderstood. Don't degrade me into the position of giving you useful information. -- Oscar Wilde
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. -- August Strindberg
I loathe the expression 'What makes him tick.' It is the American mind, looking for simple and singular solution, that uses the foolish expression. A person not only ticks, he also chimes and strikes the hour, falls and breaks and has to be put together again, and sometimes stops like an electric clock in a thunderstorm. -- James Thurber
I log in, therefore I am.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble. -- Helen Keller
I long to lure them to my home and then release the hounds. -- Mr. Burns (the Simpsons)
I look at a hundred deals a day. I pick one. -- Wall Street
I look at Euler's equation, and life suddenly gets a little better. -- Steve Park
I look forward to the invention of faster-than-light travel. What I'm not looking forward to is the long wait in the dark once I arrive at my destination. -- Mark Beland
I looked it up in the dictionary under L, and there it was... the meaning of life. It was less than I expected. -- Dogbert
I looked off the stage, and there were all these people, and they were just so friendly, so I did it! -- Debbie Gibson on her first stage dive at a Circle Jerks show
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap. -- Rodney Dangerfield
I looked up my wife's family tree. Most of her relatives are still climbing around in it.
I lost a button hole today. -- Steven Wright
I lost all of my powers during the night, so I just returned to work to resume my "mild mannered programmer" persona until I am needed again. Until then... I wait. -- Greg Plesur
I lost closer friends the last time I was deloused. -- Blackadder IV
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I lost my wife, I lost my kids, I lost my job... and I have some sort of rash, from making in the bushes! -- City Slickers
I love all the stupid Mickey Mouse quality of life. Such a relief to one's brain. -- Anthony Hopkins (on LA)
I love any post in which somone claims to have done something really stupid while pointing out how cheap the stupid item was. I have a penny gumball stuck in my ear. Top that. -- James "Kibo" Parry
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork. -- Peter DeVries
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. -- Rita Rudner
I love Boolean logic... NOT!
I LOVE BUFFER OVERFLOWS. I THINK I'LL TAKE A LONG WALK OFF A SHORT ARRAY. -- Mike Schwern
I love California; I practically grew up in Phoenix. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I love cats... they taste just like chicken.
I love children, especially when they cry, for then someone takes them away. -- Nancy Mitford
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. -- Douglas Adams
I love getting mail. Just the fact that someone licked a stamp for you is very reassuring. -- Thomas Magnum
I LOVE getting up in the morning! I clap my hands and say THIS IS GONNA BE A GREAT DAY! -- Dicky Fox (Jerry Maguire)
I love Gummi Bears ... and I want Gummi Bears and I like Gummi Bears and I eat Gummi Bears and I don't like it when I don't eat my Gummi Bears, but I'm certainly not addicted to them. -- Philip Morris President James Morgan on why cigarettes are not addictive
I love having an unrecognized illness. It's like Robinson Crusoe getting parking tickets.
I love him for the man he wants to be, and I love him for the man he almost is. -- Jerry Maguire
I love it when they give you water with a stir stick. For the hydrogen and oxygen molecules that didn't stay bonded. -- Dennis Miller
I love it when you talk like a beer commercial. -- All of Me
I love Janeane Garafalo because she's just SOOO angry. I'm angry, she's angry... we'd have beautiful angry children together. Except . . well, I'm gay and I'm not interested in her. Besides, she probably wouldn't sleep with me anyway, so fuck her. -- David Swim
I love mankind. It's the people I can't stand.
I love my computer. It's made in Taiwan
I love my dead gay son. -- Heathers
I love not man the less, but nature more. -- Lord Byron
I love stress because it's a whole lot better than depression. -- Drew Olbrich
I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees. -- When Harry Met Sally
I love the confidence that makeup gives me. -- Tyra Banks
I love the culture of victimhood. -- Calvin
I love the lines the men use to get us into bed. "Please, I'll only put it in for a minute." What am I, a microwave? -- Beverly Mickins
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. It smells like victory. -- Apocalypse Now
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning... -- Colonel Kilgore
I love the smell of Nutrasweet in the morning. -- Adam Rifkin
I love the smell of sophistry in the morning. -- Eric Rowe
I love this job. Nothing like paranoia and neurosis. Who needs a Coke habit? I've got journalism!! -- Brian Stillman
I love to go the park and watch the little kiddies shout and run, cause they don't know I'm using blanks. -- Emo Phillips
I love to make people smile! -- Patricia Ford
I love to smoke. I'm going to have a tracheotomy so I can smoke two cigarettes at once. -- Denis Leary
I love treason but hate a traitor.
I love Valentines day because it holds so many pleasant memories for me. The joy of being given anti-be mine cards in grade school. The thrill of spending year after year alone and depressed. The total rapture of being dumped after driving 300 miles to surprise someone on valentines day. Need I mention the ecstacy of dating a psycho freak over valentines day whose idea of a good time was turning off all the lights and slitting her wrists. Of course, thats all behind me now. Currently I just get to deal with being 300 miles away from my fiance almost everyday (including V-day). -- Chris Rapier
I love you, and I support you, and come nightfall you are going to owe me SO big. -- Mad About You
I love you, I said, and thrust my sword between his ribs. -- Leslie Ann Miller (Oaths)
I loved making 'Rising Sun'. I got into the psychology of why she liked to get strangled and tied up in plastic bags. It has to do with low self-worth. -- Tatjana Patitz
I m a tru beleever in hour edukashun sistum.
I made a millionnaire out of Mr. Frito Lay; he made a fat motherf-er out of me. -- Adam Sandler
I made it foolproof, but now they are making better fools!
I made wine out of raisins so I wouldn't have to wait for it to age.
I made you, and I'm God. That's all you need to know. -- Courtney Shane (Jawbreaker)
I make my living off the evening news, just give me something, something I can use. -- Don Henley
I make my own water. Two glasses of H, one glass of O. -- Steven Wright
I make no distinction between truth and good bullshit. What do you think philosophy is? Immanuel Kant and the inevitability of the well. What IS that? It's just a notion. It's a piece of bullshit. -- Jerry Seinfeld (in Rolling Stone 5/28/98)
I managed to write a reasonable length note without mentoning basketball and without using greater than signs. -- John Dobbin
I married beneath me. All women do. -- Lady Astor
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
I married my ex because I mistakenly thought she was the only person who would have me. As it turned out, she didn't want me either.
I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell my children that, they just about throw up. -- Barbara Bush
I may as well be gay if you're not straight with me.
I may be drunk, but you are ugly. What's more, in the morning I shall be sober. -- Winston Churchill
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid enough to stay with you. -- Green Day
I may be fat but you're ugly, and I can lose weight.
I may be fat, but you're ugly and I can diet.
I may be wrong, but you will always be short. -- Keith Rogers
I may despise what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. -- Voltaire
I may have implied on several occasions to several different people that I may have been Jesus Christ, but I haven't decided yet what I arn or who I am. -- Charles Manson
I may just have like, above average strength, but at least I haven't messed with my nads. -- Butt-head
I may not agree with what you say, but I will fight to the death to defend my right to stop your vicious lies.
I may not always be perfect, but I'm always me.
I may not be perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
I may not bring skill to this venture, but at least I bring opinion. -- James Cook
I may not know art, but I know what I like! -- Jack Nicholson (Batman)
I mean it from the heart of my bottom.
I mean what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful 100 percent. -- Dr. Seuss
I mean, if you're an English major and you can't bullshit, you might as well do math. -- Adam Rixey
i mean, there are only 12 notes in western music anyway - how hard can it be to stumble around them until it sounds good? -- Simon Postford
I mean... That's it. Is this a pervert? -- Robert Rodgers on fan mail
I meant to do that.
I meant to encourage the class to come to today's lecture... saying "you never know what that character Adam will say..." -- Paolo Sivilotti
I might actually be more inclined towards vegeterianism if I had to hunt and kill my own food, but I don't have to... that is what Safeway is for. I'd probably hire Ted Nugent to kill my food for me... it's no fun to hunt a cow. -- Richard Goodman
I might as well be dead, but I could kill you instead. -- PJ Harvey
I miss Gold, but Im not sure if I miss VMS. It haunts me at work, one machine in a sea of unix boxes I work with. Of course these unix machines sit in a sea of pc's running evil operating systems like Windows NT, or worse IBM Mainframe connectivity stuff. Death to microsoft... -- Josh Cohen
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
I miss the comfort in being sad. -- Kurt Cobain
I miss you because I miss me when I'm with you. -- Adam Rifkin
I move my fingers to relieve my grief. -- credo of the Anonymous IRC'er
I move we recess to go outside and throw up. -- Texas House Speaker Gib Lewis during a budget hearing
I must admit my education in the assgoblin arena has been sadly lacking, perhaps you can clue me in -- Vijay Gill
I must admit that I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a book. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I must confess, I was born at a very early age. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's. I will not reason and compare: my business is to create. -- William Blake ((1815) Jerusalem)
I must decline your invitation owing to a subsequent engagement. -- Oscar Wilde
I must find the oaf who did this thing, explain to him his offense, give him a chance to apologize, and kill him. -- Robert A. Heinlein
I must first reveal my personal bias in this discussion, since I worship at the First Church of PDF Really Sucks. -- Bruce Tognazzini
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? -- Benjamin Disraeli
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up. -- Mark Twain (The Innocents Abroad)
I must have gone to the toilet a dozen times the night before I was executed.
I must have slipped a disk - my pack hurts.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to se its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain. -- the Litany Against Fear (Dune)
I must say, their term limits proposal is looking better to me every day. -- Bill Clinton
I must say, though, that it feels good to be resigning from AOL instead of resigning from Netscape. It doesn't really feel like quitting at all. -- Jamie Zawinski
I mustanottagottalotta sleep last night.
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat or a prostitute. -- Rebecca West (1913)
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is; I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat. -- Rebecca West
I myself manage to hold large numbers of wholly irreconcilable views simultaneously, without the least difficulty. I do not think others are less versatile. -- Salman Rushdie
I myself only showered 12 times in the seventies. -- North
I need _ideas_, people. help angsty the wonder squid find his way back to the magical "river of stoli" -- Vince Farquharson
I need a wider variety of drugs. God, I miss college. -- Kyle Baker (Why I Hate Saturn)
I need brain surgery like I need another hole in my head.
I need several mistresses; if I had only one, she'd be dead inside eight days. -- Alexandre Dumas
I need some new taglines. This one is getting old.
I need someone really bad. Are you really bad? -- Bumper sticker
I need this Texas trip like I need a hole in the head. -- JFK
I need to construct a case as water tight as a mermaid's brassiere. -- Blackadder IV
I need to exercise. I'm not like you with your slim, lean alcohol and nicotine soaked organs. -- Ray Stumbaugh
I need to find a mountain that has a serious chance of killing me. -- Kevin Kozicki
I need to have some useful applications on there to suppress my nagging concience into believing I didn't just buy this machine to play doom on. -- Mark Lang
I need to make some progress on this talk, but I also need some tacos... -- Rohit Khare
I need Windows like a haemophiliac needs heart surgery
I need you here with me, not way over in a bucket seat. -- Cake
I never bought the text. My $60 was better spent on the Led Zeppelin tapes that I used more while doing the problem sets than I would have used the text.
I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
I never did drugs because I am drugs. -- Salvador Dali
I never did it that way before.
i never dreamed cutting up somebody's grandma could be so impersonal. -- Brian Rifkin
I never drink... wine. -- Dracula
I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I never give them hell. I just tell them the truth and they think it's hell. -- Harry S Truman
I never had anything and now that's gone.
I never knew I had so many friends.
I never know how much of what I say is true. -- Better Midler
I never know what you'll find when you open up your letterbox tomorrow! -- They Might Be Giants
I never let my schooling get in the way of my education. -- Mark Twain
I never lie when I have sand in my boots -- LaForge
I never met a chocolate I didn't like!
I never met a man who knew so much about nothing. -- Seinfeld
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
I never meta key I didn't like. -- Joshua Schachter
I never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television. -- Gore Vidal
I never patronize bunny rabbits.
I never realised that FORTRAN was so exciting.
I never really figured than anyone would quote anything of mine that had any content, since i'm careful about how i dole out my content, and ... i make sure to sprinkle liberally with snideness any actual content that manages to slip out. -- Andrew Stellman
I never repeat gossip, so please listen carefully the first time.
I never said you NEED a nose job. I just said it wouldn't hurt to consider it.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -- Madame Curie
I never swallowed a goldfish. I should. -- Doug DeJulio
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
I never thought I would owe my life to a traditional English breakfast. -- MacGyver
I never thought mail was that slow until I got a postcard from Cairo, and there were only two pyramids in the picture.
I never thought that being obnoxious would get me where I am now. -- Billie Joe Armstrong
I never trust a man unless I have his pecker in my pocket. -- Lyndon B. Johnson
I never wanted anyone to say to me, How come you never take me to the airport anymore? -- When Harry Met Sally
I nfs mounted a goat once -- QJ
I no longer want to be rich, sucessful, etc. All I want is to be comfortable and happy. -- John Dobbin
I no longer wish to destroy an inanimate object. I wish to *murder* it. -- Dan Martinez
I now qualify for the witless protection program. -- Adam Rifkin
I object to the phrase 'urine soaked hellhole', when you could have used the phrase 'peepee soaked heck hole.' -- Sideshow Bob's Parole Hearing on the Simpsons
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation. -- G.B. Shaw
I often thought the word "rent" was derived from the word "parent." As in, you invoke the latter to pay the former. -- Adam Rifkin
I often wonder how come John Tesh isn't as popular a singer as some people think he should be. Then, I remember it's because he sucks.
I often wonder whether we do not rest our hopes too much upon constitutions, upon laws and upon courts. These are false hopes; believe me, these are false hopes. Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it ... -- Learned Hand
I once believed in causes, too; I had my pointless point of view. And life went on no matter who Was wrong or right.
I once had a cookbook entitled, "When It's Smoking, It's Cooking, When It's Burnt, It's Done". -- Ari Rapkin
I once had a dog and named him 'Stay'. I'd go 'Come here, Stay.' Pretty soon the dog went insane and wouldn't move at all. -- Steven Wright
I once had a girl, or should I say, she once had me. -- The Beatles
I once heard the voice of God. It said "Vrrrrmmmmm." Unless it was just a lawn mower.
I once held open the door for a date who took one look inside and said, "I don't know. Getting into this car is like checking into a cheap motel," which is sort of the idea I had in mind. -- Men's Health
I once listed all the good things I did over the past year, and then turned them into resolution form and backdated them. That was a good feeling. -- Robert Fulghum
I once made love for one hour and 5 minutes straight. It was the day we push the clocks ahead.
I once named a Usenet server tatooine, for the vast wasteland that Usenet is. Maybe this thread should be relegated there also. -- Eric Germann
I once put instant coffee in a microwave and went back in time. -- Steven Wright
I once stole a pornographic book that was printed in Braille. I used to rub the dirty parts. -- Bananas
I once thought I was pregnant, but that was just a misconception.
I once thought I was wrong, but I was incorrect about that.
I once thought that Verilog was a misbegotten spawn of Satan, with despicable syntax, miserably inadequate data structures, and hopelessly redundant semantics. I now believe that anyone who finds fault with Verilog must fundamentally misunderstand its design and purpose. Throughout, I managed to maintain the philosophic basis of my entire existance, to wit, never believe anything which anyone will ever agree with. -- Martin Frankel
I once thought the mind was most important, but then I realized what part of me told me that.
I once told a nun I was giving up going to church for lent. I got sent to the principal's office for that little piece of stupidity. -- John Dobbin
I once worked as a salesman and was very independent. I took orders from no one! -- Gerand Barzan
I only counted 100 dalmatians...
I only drink fortified wines during bad weather. Snowstorm, hurricane, tornado--I'm not particular, as long as it's bad. After all, any storm for a Port. -- Paul S. Winalski
I only forecast the past. -- Jean-Louis Gassee (Be Inc., in WSJ)
I only have to open my mouth and jolly thoughts pour out.
I only kill to know I'm alive. -- Ministry
I only met him once when he was in a coma, but he seemed like a nice guy. -- Sidney (Melrose Place)
I only smoke cigarettes after making love. So back in England I'm up to 20 a day. -- Blackadder IV
I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis. -- Royal Floyd Mengot (Klaus)
I only try to make movies that I believe can make $100 million... not like a love story or a little comedy or a period drama. -- Joel Silver (EW 258)
I only want to come up with the theories, though: bits are for kids. I'm beginning to see that WoT might *actually* be new intellectual construct, whereas before it's only been a phrase. But this paper seeems sooo weeak compared with what's needed to formalize it. Still, I'm more convinced than ever how rare model-making is, and how much power accrues to the first good model-maker in an area. -- Rohit Khare
I originally said I'd put up with their behavior. Meaning misbehavior. Ah, but are you willing to put up with their demeanor? Meaning misdemeanor? -- the ARs
I overslept one day and got so far behind that now I think I am ahead. -- Calvin and Hobbes
I owe, I owe, it's off to work I go.
I parked my hard disk and now I can't find it!
I particularly like the "May cause discoloration of the urine and feces" track. It took me weeks to actually make myself listen to that. -- John Dobbin
I passed my ethics course. I cheated, of course.
I passionately hate the idea of being with it, I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time. -- Orson Welles
I personally could have a gallon of Alan. -- Friends
I personally do not derive any great joy from violence inflicted upon other human beings, but the show sure is fun, isn't it? -- Lucy Lawless (Xena)
I personally would lie to you, but Kathy here's got this crazy notion of telling the truth. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I pine for the sheer stupidity of the old macho days, when men would brandish hammers and build huge, bulky cars that sucked up gas and tore open the ozone layer and crushed small animals beneath totally useless but totally cool-looking tail fins. When men were apes with good shoes and a dental plan. -- Denis Leary
I pity duh fool. -- Mr. T
I plan to start redefining words more often to make things mean what I want them to mean. If "redefining words" means sitting in traffic for 40 minutes, then I redefine words twice a day. -- Megan Coughlin
I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it.
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window. -- Steven Wright
I played a blank tape on full volume. The mime who lived next door complained. So I shot him with a gun with a silencer. -- Steven Wright
I played first chair in the high school band until they gave me an instrument. -- George R. Hext
I played my 20 minute workout at double speed, so it only took 10 minutes. I got a great workout. -- Ghostbusters
I played poker w/ tarot cards-got a flush &amp; 5 people died
I plead alignment to the flakes of the united snakes of a merry cow, and to the Republicans for which they scam, one nacho, underpants, with licorice and jugs of wine for owls. -- Matt Groening
I plead the Fifth Commandment. -- Guys and Dolls
I pledge allegiance to myself and to the self-interests for which I stand, one kid, under pressure, with liberty and justice as I see fit.
I practice safe sex. I use an airbag.
i predict stale humor -- Joshua Schachter
I prefer "I got chunks of guys more punk rock than you in my stool!" But I don't judge a mundane by their clothes so much as by the fear in their eyes... -- Jack Collins
I prefer a concoction I call pixie-stick juice. It tastes like pixie sticks, those powdery straw like things you get for halloween. Mix 3/4 Dr. Pepper, and 1/4 Orange Soda.
I prefer cremation. Make me toast, well done, please. -- Samantha Crouse
I prefer my lovers to be female, human, and breathing, but I'll take any two out of three in a pinch.
I prefer the company of equals. -- Riker
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish. The wicked sometimes rest. -- Alexandre Dumas Pere
I prefer the word 'homemaker' because 'housewife' always implies that there may be a wife somewhere else. -- Bella Abzug
I probably would be a marine biologist or oceanographer. -- Kristy Swanson (if given her choice of career)
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob. -- William F. Buckley
I promise I will not get any film in which humans are messily devoured. -- Wen-King Su
I promise results, not promises.
I promise to get drugs off the street and into the hotel room where they belong. -- Marion Barry
I promised that if you re-posted this statement then I'd comment, but I forget what I meant to say. Here are some email-things that I'm going to cleverly disguise as content: wHATEver. HTH. YMMV. ydcwtsbyaa-wam-ipysb! IMHO. grn. -- Greg Plesur
I propose to strap buttered toast to the back of a cat; the two will hover, spinning inches above the ground. With a giant buttered cat array, a high-speed monorail could easily link New York with Chicago.
I propose we leave math to the machines and go play outside. -- Calvin
I put a humidifier and a de-humidifier in the same room and let them fight it out. -- Steven Wright
I put a query on the net, I havent' got an answer yet. -- Ed Nather
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes. They had little pictures of cats on them. Then I took one out and he ran around in circles. -- Steven Wright
I quit. I hate this shit, and this shit obviously hates me back. -- Rohit Khare
I ran a program to prove 2^5000+2157 prime. It's now the biggest general prime known, where general excludes those rare few which have special-purpose primality algorithms (for instance Mersenne numbers). -- Robert Harley
I ran three miles today, finally I said "lady take your purse." -- Emo Phillips
I read it on USE[less]NET so it must be true.
I read that "Success is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration." Well, if success means having to sweat, you can forget it, man. -- Dan Lantz
I read that the Indian reservations made 1.5 billion dollars on gambling last year. I think they're about to get a call from the little known Gambino tribe. -- Dennis Miller
I read the news today, Oh boy... -- John Lennon
I realize that there are many people in this world who do not love their fellow human beings, and I hate people like that
I realize this isn't statistically valid, but you have to admit it's the most persuasive thing I've written so far. -- Scott Adams
I realized my heart had abducted my mind and they were last seen headed south... -- Melissa Etheridge
I realized that the purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure poor reasoning, and inhibit clarity. -- Calvin
I really can't define irony, but I know when I see it. -- Reality Bites
I really do feel, in all sincerity, that "Pinot Noir and his Nuances of Toast" would be a good name for a band. -- Dave Barry
I really don't see why everyone doesn't love gambling as much as I do. It's entertaining, it's got that lovely something for nothing quality about it, the rules are clearly defined (I'm an awful big fan of clearly defined rules)... all in all it's just the best way to pass time. -- John Dobbin
I really don't think I need buns of steel. I'd be happy with buns of cinnamon. -- Ellen Degeneres
I really don't want to be labelled a heretic by the soccer community. -- John Dobbin
I really enjoy not talking to you. Let's not talk again REAL soon...
I really feel like I'm maturing. (Are you done yet?) Hey, I got a whole stack of quarters and I was here first. -- When Harry Met Sally
I really feel sorry for Madonna's baby, having to grow up without a last name.
I really feel that I've grown in the past few years. Used to be I wouldn't have given someone like you a second look.
I really had a hard time. I wasn't feminine enough. -- Jennifer Beals to Out magazine
I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it. It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
I really like the word Nyarlathotep. -- John Dobbin
I really liked the movie, I just don't want her to get a swelled head. -- Richard Goodman
I really love how the phrase "using the full power of C++" has come to mean "slow and sucky". -- Steve Gifford
I really wish I could come up with this glib reparte like you guys. But I can't. So I'll just paralyze you. -- Noah Robin
I really wish I was less of a thinking man, and more a fool who's not afraid of rejection. -- Billy Joel
I really wish the people who are in charge of the jewish conspiracy to control the world would let me in on it. -- Andrew Stellman
I recall composing that little speech one Friday afternoon while high on coffee and M&M's. It appeared in this space on June 1. It included such deep thoughts as "Sing," "Floss," and "Don't mess too much with your hair." It was not art. -- Mary Schmich
I recently obtained an Open Firmware specification book, and found it quite useful. As soon as I try to read this book, I become sleepy as if I read a phone book. -- Hamada Naoki
I recently shampooed my pet rabbit with Body Shop shampoo. Its eyes bulged out and turned red. If you tested your stuff on animals like everyone else, this sort of thing wouldn't happen.
I recently went to a new doctor and noticed he was located in something called the Professional Building. I felt better right away. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
I recommend a vacation; spend some time listening to NPR around the clock, that ought to enlarge your repertoire of hate. -- Chris Fox
I recommend spreading grape jelly on your torso and slapping your forehead against an overripe cantaloupe. -- Dogbert
I refuse to allow facts to cloud my argument. -- John Dobbin
I refuse to be intimidated by reality anymore. What is reality? Nothing but a collective hunch. -- Lily Tomlin
I refuse to contribute to the stereotype that females get ahead in this world through baked goods. -- Men's Health (On how to not buy Girl Scout cookies)
I refuse to get cable. That's how they keep tabs on you.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
I refuse to have a battle of wits, with an unarmed opponent.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I regard you with an indifference closely bordering on aversion. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce. -- J. Edgar Hoover
I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce. -- J. Edgar Hoover
I remember summing up what I took to be our destiny, in conversation with my best friend at Chartres, by the formula, "Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave school, and then work, work, work till we die." -- C.S. Lewis
I remember the Seventies -- clearly. They sucked!... The only good thing that came out of the Seventies was sex, and I was too young. And I'm pissed! -- Dave Zabowski
I remember the words. I don't understand.
I remember when Saturns were rockets, not cars.
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing Happy Birthday. -- Steven Wright
I replaced the headlights on my car with strobe lights. Now it looks like I'm the only one moving. -- Steven Wright
I represent angry, gun toting, meat eating people. -- Denis Leary
I resent the insinuendoes. -- David Farber
I resolve to show no tolerance for those less fortunate... redefine morality to suit my short term objectives... and conquer the planet earth and make all the inhabitants my slaves. -- Dogbert
I returned and saw under the sun, that the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happen to them all. -- Ecclesiastes 9:11
I rob from the rich and give to the middle class... well, UPPER middle class. -- OPM
I run through the Valley of Death because you get through quicker that way.
I saw "Sleep With Me", with Eric Stoltz... I can see how the rest of my life is going to go... it's depressing... and painful... and sucky... and Quentin Tarantino is there... it's horrible... -- Michelle Hall
I saw a bank that said "24 HOUR BANKING", but I don't have that much time.
I saw a man with a wooden leg, and a real foot.
I saw a sign: REST AREA 25 MILES. That's pretty big. Some people must be really tired.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
I saw a tree fall in the woods, and I didn't hear it.
I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's ...
I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's...
I saw Chris that afternoon and he invited me to come over to your party. We were also having a party at our house that same night and a friend of mine asked me to come to his party at Roselawn 10 the same night. Now, being the party animal that I am, I had intentions of going to all three parties and taking my fill. However, being the drunken chink bastard that I am, I passed out at 11:00. -- Eugene Chung
I saw Elvis. He sat between me and Bigfoot on the UFO.
I saw Eternity the other night, like a ring of pure and endless light, all calm, as it was bright, and round beneath it, Time, in hours, days, years, driven by the spheres, like a vast shadow moved, in which the world and all her train were hurled. -- Henry Vaughan
I saw her the other day kicking a tin can. I asked her what she was doing and she said moving house.
I saw nothing unusual in the teacher's lounge. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madmen, starving hysterical naked. -- A. Ginsberg
I saw the sign. And it opened up my eyes. -- Ace of Base
I saw the worst bands of my generation applied by magic marker to dry wall. -- They Might Be Giants
I saw two shooting stars last night; I wished on them, but they were only satellites. Is it wrong to wish on space hardwear? -- Billy Bragg
I saw what you did and I know who you are.
I saw, I came, I cleaned it up.
I say thank you from my heart, and may the pea pods in your garden of life always be full... you deserve that!! -- Mother of Best
I say we send the entire bunch of Mad Cows to Bosnia and let them find all of the land mines. Is this PERFECT or what!?
I say, "A sphincter says what?" "What?" "Exactly." -- Wayne's World
I say, beware of all enterprises that require new clothes... -- Thoreau
I see everything twice! -- Joseph Heller
I see further by standing on the shoulders of giants. -- Sir Isaac Newton
I see how their eyes are gathered into one
I see mom in the url, must be promising. -- Brian Richardson
I see more white than black, but I see enough black to keep the white bright.
I see no HUMOR here.
I see religion as only a way of asking unanswerable questions, of sharing the joy of a community quest, and solacing one another in our ignorance. -- David J. Boorstin (Living Philosophies)
I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh. Bernoulli would have been content to die Had he but known such a-squared cos 2(phi) -- Stanislaw Lem (Cyberiad)
I see the solution to each problem as being detectable in the pattern and web of the whole. -- Douglas Adams (Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency)
I see these kids today, in their black satanic t-shirts, and I think "What are you doing?? You didn't grow up in the 80's. I thought we were gonna get NUKED! What's YOUR excuse?"
I see this glass not half-empty, but half-full and more. -- George H. W. Bush
I see you're not one of our registered dealers... -- Ramon Legnaghi
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I see your point. And raise you a line -- Elliot Smorodinsky
I see your schwartz is as big as mine. -- Spaceballs
i seem to be canadian! -- Ethan Schartman
I seem to be having problems with my lifestyle. -- Arthur Dent
I seem to remember a saying thrown around by people when I was an undergrad - "normal is a setting on the washing machine." -- Glenn Forbes Fleming Larratt
I sense... *SLAP* Not while we're on the bridge, Will
I serioiusly doubt I will ever evolve to the level of a Voxer. -- Tim Byars
I shall live badly if I do not write, and I shall write badly if I do not live. -- Francoise Sagan
I shall never forget my mother's horror and my father's cry of joy when, for the first time in my life, I said angrily to my father, `That's not the hand I dealt you, Dad.' -- J. B. Morton (Beachcomber) in The Life and Times of Captain de Courcy Foulenough
I shall return. -- Douglas MacArthur
I shave with Occam's Razor.
I shot an arrow into the air, and it stuck. -- Graffito in Los Angeles
I shot Jon and all I got was his bloody tshirt. -- Elliott Evans
I should be allowed to think, and I should be allowed to blurt the merest idea, if by random whim one occur to me but sadly, this can never be, I am not allowed to think. -- They Might Be Giants
I should edit more, but hey. Life sucks. -- Fleur Dragan
I should have no objection to go over the same life from its beginning to the end: requesting only the advantage authors have, of correcting in a second edition the faults of the first. -- Benjamin Franklin
I should keep a note of the worst excesses because this is a new record. The previous best was the oft-repeated feminist claim that 100000 American women die of anorexia each year. Give or take a few orders of magnitude. -- Rob "my dick is 6 miles long" Harley
I should like to comment this code of mine, but I can't seem to grok the finer nuances of what I did... -- Erik Ogan
I should patent a version using cubic fields, heck fields of degree n for all n >= 3. And hyperelliptic curves too. Fame! Fortune! A harem of nubile women at my beck and call! Well maybe not that, probably just a lawsuit from somebody with orders of magnitude more money than me... -- Robert Harley
I should slap you from an amazing grace into a floating opportunity!
I should sooner live in a society governed by the first two thousand names in the Boston telephone directory than in a society governed by the two thousand faculty members of Harvard University. -- William F. Buckley, Jr.
I showed up at 9:30am this morning... they're doing DNA testing cause they really don't think its me. -- Mark Denovich
I sing the song of stress! waaaa hubbbb blab blab blable snit weeeer feh! AIGH! -- Chris Rapier
I sit and drink pennyroyal tea, to still the life that's inside of me... -- Kurt Cobain
I sit and spew my guts out into the open air, but no one wants to hear a drunken fool... 80 please keep taking me away... -- Green Day
I slept and dreamt that life was joy, I awoke and saw that life was service, I acted and behold, service was joy. -- Rabindranath Tagore
I slept with a parrot 20 years ago. Are you my son? -- John Larroquette
I smell a rat. Did you bake it or fry it?
I smell a wumpus.
I smell catastrophe in the wind... no, that's just my breath.
I smell memory leakage. Someone around here is not paying attention.
I smell refund! -- Tax guy to Chris Elliot in Doritos commercial
I smoke a few more cigarettes, then two women approach me. "What is your company?" says the bolder of the two. "I've never heard of it." "It's a personal site," I say. She brightens. "Oh, you mean like dating services?" "No, I mean there's no company, it's just me. It's entertainment for the Web." "Ah. Who supplies your entertainment content?" "I do. I supply the entertainment content." She says, "What is your revenue model?" I say, "I don't have one." The women giggle as if I've said something witty. They cover their mouths like children. We exchange business cards. -- Jeffrey Zeldman
I snaked your bagel. I just wanna munch. -- Encino Man
I snatch kisses. (and vice versa)
I sold out a true friend for a bunch of swatch dogs and diet cokeheads. -- Heathers
I solve problems, that's just what I do. -- George (Seinfeld)
I sometimes think I was born to live up to my name. How could I be anything else but what I am having been named Madonna? I would either have ended up a nun or this. -- Madonna
I sound my barbaric yawn over the rooftops of the world. -- Adam Rifkin
I sound my barbaric yawp over the rooftops of the world. -- Walt Whitman
I speak for myself, but I'm accountable to God.
I speak for the little birdies that follow me around.
I speak spanish and french, enough to find a hotel room and someone to sleep with. Really. I used to speak both fairly well, but I'm out of practice. -- Catherine Skidmore
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse. -- Emperor Charles V.
I spent all my money on a FAX machine. Now I can only FAX collect.
I spent four years prostrate to the higher mind; got my paper, and I was free. -- Indigo Girls
I spent most of my money on liquor and women. The rest I just wasted.
I spent some time at the beach... Being that close to such a vast expanse of water definitely put this kid's life in perspective. The ocean is big. I am small. Yes. But I am nothing. And I realized that it's worth the struggle to live. And it means everything to be loved. -- Amy Grant
I spilled spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone. -- Steven Wright
I stand by all the misstatements that I've made. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. -- Ralph Nader
I started my day with Joy Division. I wonder how I'm going to end it. Shonen Knife?
I started out as an adolescent and when I rolled out of the tour bus in 1989, I was 30 years old. -- Bill Berry
I started to see people as little lonesome, water based, pink meat, life forms pushing air through themselves and making noises that the other little pieces of meat seemed to understand...I don't think I was 'mad', I was just confused. -- Devin Townsend
I stayed in a really old hotel last night. They sent me a wake-up letter. -- Steven Wright
I stayed up all night worrying if I'd get enough sleep.
I still contend that shiftiness is a leading cause of murder. -- Greg Plesur
I still cringe at some of the things he says in email to other people, though now it's usually because he's making me look pathetic or sleazy. -- John Dobbin
I still haven't found what I'm looking for. -- U2
I still miss my ex-wife, but my aim is getting better.
I still think the opposite of "increment" should be "excrement." -- Adam Rifkin
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph. -- Shirley Temple
I stopped to think and forgot how to start again.
I subscribed him to crack, since he is obviously smoking it. -- Richard Bullington
i suffer for art. or from it, rather. -- Brad Barkett
I suffered for months with this ringing in my ear... until I got an unlisted ear.
I suggest a new strategy, R2. Let the Wookiee win.
I suggest a new strategy, R2... Let the wookie win. -- C3PO
I suggest that we allow clear assertions that can be understood by humans familiar with the domain of discourse. -- Mani Chandy
I suggest you step out on your porch to see it all. -- Pearl Jam
I support drug testing. I believe every public official should be given a shot of sodium pentathol and ask "Which laws have you broken this week?".
I suppose hating bunnies is just completely evil. -- John Dobbin
I suppose I'll get in a game of Caterpillar... -- Michelle Gardner
I suppose it is "The Vatican Rag" 'cause some people think it's sacrilegious, but I don't. However, if you think it is sacrilegious, that's fine with me because I think all religion is nonsense. Actually, Randy Newman has a better word on his recording of "Faust" but I don't think I can say it on the Net. -- Tom Lehrer
I suppose it never hurts to be reminded that none of us are that far away from larceny. Actually, it's the people who make the most righteous moral noises that I worry about the most. -- Sue Grafton (Kinsey Millhone, H is for Homicide)
I suppose it's a reasonable ploy. Crying is no more odious than the other goofy, ill-advised scams we use to convince women to do the senseless, clothesless, irresponsible things we most wish them to do. If it works, hey. -- Men's Health
I suppose it's not polite to say what this all sounds like... but a sack of it shouldn't be mixed with fuel oil...
I suppose Paradise must be like this.
I suppose some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. -- T. S. Eliot
I suppose that when ants get stepped on, they have no idea what hit them. But I'll bet that hasn't stopped them from coming up with fancy names for it, like 'spontaneous compression' or 'vertical planar syndrome.' -- LeMel Hebert-Williams
I suppose you're looking for a more sophisticated answer than, 'To get you into bed'? -- Friends
I survived torture. I'm ready to date Lwaxana. -- Picard
I suspect lice aren't hung well. -- John Dobbin
I swear I recognize your breath... -- Pearl Jam
I take a shower every week, whether I need it or not. -- CT Gardner
I take all major forms of death. -- Jarett Kobek
I take heart in the fact that your death resulting from you simply forgetting to breathe is likely. -- Kevin Zygmontas
I take my chances, every chance I get. -- Mary Chapin-Carpenter
i take refuge in the fact that what i lack in perversity i make up for in obscurity. -- Andrew Stellman
I taught I taw a puddy tat. -- Tweety
I teach Eunuchs... er, I mean Unix.
I tell them there's no problems...Only Solutions...
I tell ya, there is nothing like getting up in the morning and the first thing you see are three cats sitting on your bed staring at you. Its my own fault though, I shouldn't have worn that mickey mouse hat to bed. -- Chris Rapier
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes. -- Carl Sandburg
I tell you, I rolled the Cocaine myself and smoked it, and it did NOTHING for me.
I tell you, we are here on earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you any different. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Harpers 11/95)
I thank the NRA for defending my right to hunt bunny rabbits with an automatic weapon. -- Bobcat Golthwait
I thig I hab a feether. -- Cindy Parker
I think "funny" is the wrong word. I think it's a kind of art. (First, let me define what I mean by 'art'...oh, never mind. Hi Jay.) -- Greg Plesur
I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him real quick and hand it to him. -- Jack Handey
I think a good product would be "Baby Duck Hat." It's a fake baby duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you join them. Then all of the sudden, you stand up out of the water and roar like Godzilla. Man those ducks really take off! Also Baby Duck Hat is good for parties. -- Jack Handey
I think a lot of gay people who are not dealing with their homosexuality get into right-wing politics. -- Armistead Maupin
I think Adam should just run through the office naked screaming, "The Redmonds are coming! The Redmonds are coming!" That'd be enough to make me jump out the window... -- Joe Kiniry
I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers. -- A Bit of Fry and Laurie
I think any penalty except oral sex is worse than losing. -- Geoff Spear (On Nomic)
I think banana flavors are starting to get harder to find. I can't really find any banana cream pies, and worst of all: I went to B&R for some banana ice cream and they didn't carry it. Not "Sorry, we are all out" but "We don't have any." -- Richard Goodman
I think college administrators should encourage students to urinate on walls and bushes, because then when students from another college come sniffing around, they'll know this is someone else's territory. -- Jack Handey
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only life we have created so far is purely desctructive. We've created life in our own image. -- Stephen Hawking
I think everyone knows that the DoS is real. Lots more were hit today. eBay doesn't count, since that entire operation is a self-inflicted DoS. -- Mike Batchelor
I think everyone should start using the phrase, "I'd sure like to bounce a quarter off his butt!" I don't know what it means, but I sure like the way it sounds. -- R.M. Weiner
I think frank and open discussion is a good thing, and we should be willing to admit that we have made mistakes and that others have done work ahead of us. -- Mani Chandy
I think he will really enjoy living here. There are so many things he can complain about. -- Gordon Irlam
I think he's a couple bushels shy of a full crop
I think he's a couple keys short of a concert piano.
I think he's a couple of cans short of a six-pack.
I think he's a couple of ticks past the noon whistle.
I think he's a couple sharps short of B Major.
I think he's a few bars short of a finished symphony.
I think he's a few bricks short of a whole wall.
I think he's a few bytes short of a checksum.
I think he's a few channels short of Basic Cable
I think he's a few croutons short of a garden salad.
I think he's a few pipes short of a church organ.
I think he's a few strings short of a violin section.
I think he's gotten better... and/or he's writing less to needy people. That's when the cliches come out. As for catch phrases, have you looked at msglist? Adam *is* a catch phrase. -- Megan Coughlin
I think he's one taco short of a combination platter
I think he's playing his oboe with just one reed.
I think he's playing solitaire with a pinochle deck.
I think he's playing the lead violin part on a viola.
I think he's playing the old five-string guitar.
I think her argument is that only a psychopath could be that meticulous about their handwriting. I just like the idea of thinking of Adam as a psychopath. Haven't done that in a long time. -- John Dobbin
I think his religion is Discordian. However, I think that that is a joke.
I think I am a pretty decisive person.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I think I exist. Therefore I exist, I think.
I think I have a 24-hour tumor... I hear they're going around. -- When Harry Met Sally
I think I made his back feel better. -- Marilyn Monroe (after a private meeting with John F. Kennedy)
I think I need to make a faisalfaq.com page, where the most frequently said reply is heh. -- Kriste Jordan
I think I see the light at the end of the zone. -- Thanh Boyer
I think I speak for everyone when I say [slams door in face]. -- Friends
I think I strained a muscle I didn't know I had!
I think I think, therefore I think I am. I think.
I think I think. Therefore I think.
I think I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
I think I'd prefer to be wanted for more than nudity (which, let's face it, is something any woman can offer). -- Megan Coughlin
I think I'll join in with the anarchists... if I could only find their headquarters... if they only had a platform. -- Elizabeth Bishop
I think I'll post ten messages to alt.bitterness. And 10 more to comp.unix.wizards, all saying 'I'm a UNIX wizard, I got this newsreader I just wrote working perfectly.' -- Geoff Spear
I think I'm a good lover; I practice a lot when I'm alone.
i think i'm allergic to evil, maybe that's it. -- Abby Logsdon
I think I'm having that post-meal drowsiness. I laid my head on my desk and felt myself drifting to sleep... then I had a mini-myclonic jerk. -- Cindy Parker
I think I'm revolted. Bread and Chocolate don't go together. -- Richard Goodman
I think I've been reading /etc/passwd *way* too much. -- Sam Greenfield
I think I've done it all. But I would like to do a (TV) series with O.J. Simpson. Since my television series go directly in the dumper, it could be my own personal vendetta. -- Teri Garr
I think I've figured out why slugs don't like margaritas. -- Barbara Rush
I think if i could turn my mind into some kind of amusement park ride it would be really successful. It scares ME half the time and I know what's in it. -- R.M. Weiner
I think if you really like a girl you have to pay a LOT of attention to her. But try telling that to those jerks on the jury. -- Dave George
I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king, because I like people to do what I say. -- Jack Handey
I think in the world we are moving to people are going to stop paying for information, and will be paying to not get information. More signal, less noise. -- Gordon Irlam
I think it is not critical that the coordinator be able to originate designs of exceptional brilliance, but it is absolutely critical that he/she be able to recognize good design ideas from others. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
I think it needs more juice.
I think it's also pretty said when I say a movie doesn't have enough action, yet it has like 30 decapitations, a disembowelment, multiple dismemberments, shotgun fu, assault rifle fu, people being impaled on pretty much everything, spontaneous phosphor combustion, priest torture, and god knows what else. -- Adam Rixey
I think it's my tie collection. People can't respect an engineer with a personality. -- Rohit Khare
I think Little League is wonderful. It keeps the kids out of the house. -- Yogi Berra
I think Michael [Jackson] is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn. -- Elizabeth Taylor
i think monogamy is an evil concept dreamed up by perverted western religious leaders. also, you're a wuss. -- Geoff Spear
I think most people are curious about what it would be like to be able to meet yourself. It's eerie. -- Christy Turlington
I think most Scottish cuisine was based on a dare. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I think my "plan" says something like "World domination. Fast." But we'll see. -- Linus Torvalds
I think my body just told me to lay off the 'Chef Boyardee' -- Ben Peal
I think Newt Gingrich should dance with the gal that brung him. And the gal that brung him was the tax-and-spend issue and crime and welfare. -- William Weld
I think not, said Descartes, and promptly disappeared.
I think our coffee machine is networked -- I keep seeing these dropped sugar packets all around it. -- Tony Shepps
I think our No. 1 problem is that nobody wants to take responsibility for anything, but don't quote me. -- Randy Glasbergen
I think people tend to forget that trees are living creatures. They're sort of like dogs. Huge, quiet, motionless dogs, with bark instead of fur. -- Jack Handey
I think rational arguments are against the charter of this newsgroup, but what the heck, here are two. -- Per Abrahamsen
I think reality walked out of here five minutes ago. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I think Santa needs a fifth of scotch. -- Jay Leno
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
I think someone installed HateDoubler onto my PC. -- Bruce Sherrod
I think than on ice cream trucks, a good idea would be to also sell turtles. That way, kids who aren't allowed to have dairy products or sugar could still have a turtle. -- Kathleen Buchanon
I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are fed up with being sick and tired. I'm certainly not, and I'm sick and tired of being told that I am. -- Monty Python (Flying Circus)
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired. I'm certainly not! But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am! -- Monty Python
I think that any reasonable person would have the same expectations that I do for a film starring Harry Belafonte. If he's going to be in the movie, there's got to be some point where he breaks into the Banana Song or the film is an utter failure. -- Mr. Cranky
I think that each town should have a park, or rather a primitive forest, of five thousand acres, either in one body or several - where a stick should never be cut for fuel - nor for the navy, nor to make wagons, but stand and decay for higher uses - a common possession forever, for instruction and recreation. -- Henry David Thoreau (Huckleberries)
I think that exercise is a waste of time. I'd rather lie very still and wait until my fat cells get bored enough to leave.
I think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability. -- Oscar Wilde
I think that I can confidently swear, to god and all things holy, that if I AM getting the cold that I suspect is stalking me, I will pick up the pick axe that I bought from Jody and start a spree of crime and killing of Old Testament proportions. I will commit such damage to American civilization that, hundreds of generations from now, parents will be telling legends about me to their children in front of the camp-fires that will be the most technologically advanced sources of light and heat that I will leave for them to inherit. Where I walk I will leave a trail of scorched and salted earth. Dogs will no longer be domesticated. -- Greg Plesur
I think that I shall never see A billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps, unless the billboards fall I'll never see a tree at all. -- Ogden Nash
I think that it is up to us to take some action and force this band to go away. Anyone have a sniperscope and an alibi? -- Richard Goodman
I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
I think that the problem with God is that he has an ego problem. I mean, what do we say all day, 'You're so perfect,' 'you're so wonderful,' 'you're so great.' Secure people don't need that. -- Ed Freimark
I think that the team that wins game five will win the series. Unless we lose game five. -- Charles Barkley
I think that timeline, like most, diverges into junk. A fine example of historical myopia, with more detail in the last five years than the previous twenty. -- Rohit Khare
I think that's reason enough to go BeOS and give up Linux. How much sex does the average Linux user get? I just did a poll of Be developers I know. They get a lot. I don't think it has anything to do with sex appeal though. It has to do with time. Linux users sit and play with themselves while recompiling their kernel. Be users leave that job to Brian "no-dual-Celerons-TYVM" Swetland at Be and spend the quality time with their wives and girlfriends. Linux may be hot now, but without adequate procreation of its vocal supporters, it will be a footnote in a generation.
I think that's technically and ethically equivalent to making anyone who wants to discuss my phone number (or any other address) pay me. -- Dan Kohn
I think the best way to insult an illiterate bully is to write him a nasty letter. -- Paul Paternoster
I think the carrot might be gay, but I'm not sure about that. -- John Dobbin
I think the cheribum are the ones that hang from the roof of the cave. -- Dennis Miller
I think the great lesson of the 20th century is that you have to separate the ethics from the aestetics...The great lesson there is that you don't have to agree with what the Nazis did, but, yes, be honest about it, they did have the best uniforms. A lot of people can't come to terms with something as banal as that. -- Andrew Eldritch
I think the hardest job in the world has to be... bank guard in Alaska. You've got 50 customers in the joint... They're all wearing ski masks. -- Dennis Miller
I think the Internet is underhyped. We think Java is bigger than Inet; so if Inet is even bigger than the hype, and Java is even bigger than that, well, you see where this is going. -- Sun CTO Eric Schmidt
I think the media sux bunny rabbits through a straw. -- Robert Harley
I think the phrase rhymes with clucking bell. -- Blackadder IV
I think the portion of grades that are due to pure luck is almost nil, if you disregard the luck that causes the surrounding circumstances. -- Sam Kass
I think the real typo was in the capital letter O which should be a B in the following sentence: Microsoft is the leading OS vendor in the world. -- Ernie Prabhakar
I think there's a world market for about 5 computers. -- Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM (1943)
I think therefore I am; however, I am micro-managed, therefore, I am not. -- Scott Adams
I think they just took the 70s - EST, ERA - and clumped all of those movements into one thing called "New Age" that allows you to be sappy about just about everything. -- Megan Coughlin
I think they just went on tour with Anthrax and White Zombie. -- Beavis (on the Bee Gees)
i think they should stop playing after this year. its not very fair to kasparov at all. and you still see articles written about how the computer "thinks" and "has a strategy" which is, in neural computing terms, a total pile of shit. -- Chris Heiser
I think they're blaming the cat. -- the bunnies' theory about why Megan Coughlin now have a vacuum
I think they're very creative. I think their work is very powerful, but I think it's very naive.... sort of, if you like, a petulant young child out of control. -- Peter Murphy on Marilyn Manson
I think this is bad for the TV. -- Butt-head
I think this kind of traffic is only clouding the minds of the team, much as we all keep in the back of our minds. -- Rohit Khare
I think this nation needs to learn anger management. Hunting the motherfucker down and beating the living shit out of him would help. Wait. Ne'ermind. -- Tripp Lilley
I think war is God's way of teaching us geography. -- Paul Rodriguez
I think we already run that BoF, but it's known as "The Bar" -- Mike Hughes
I think we must make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW (Pick up line)
I think we only have elections now to find out if the polls were right.
I think we should adjourn now... the country is safer when we're not in session. -- Sen. Charles Grassley (R-IA)
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think we're back to normality at last.
I think we're in for a bad spell of wether.
I think we're in trouble.
i think what modern art needs to do next is staple marilyn manson to a wall. shock value PLUS the crucifixtion cliche! -- Kristiina Wilson
I think yer confuserons are mutated. I think with more research we'll find different types of confuserons. Perhaps long lasting insanerons, quickacting lustoids, and maybe a naturally occuring source of damitols. -- Chris Rapier
I think you are giving this movie way too much credit. It's like trying to find the meaning of a saved by the bell episode. -- Scott Berkun
I think you CAN make progress spiritually with psychedelics, but not necessarily.....Aldous Huxley said of psychedelics that they are neither necessary nor sufficient for the attaining of salvation. He called them 'gratuitous graces', meaning you're sure glad you have them, but they're neither necessary nor sufficient. -- Terence McKenna
I think you can see Little Women and still keep your penis. -- John Dobbin
I think you have the rudaments of a soul. You will not discover it until sorrow separates you from all artifice. Break down the false in your life and use the rubble to build something real. -- Ann Marie Clark
I think you should always gratefully take whatever small blessings the world throws your way - otherwise, the world may start throwing them in another direction. -- John Thornley
I think you should know I worry a lot. Like the Nobel sperm bank. Something bothers me about the world's greatest geniuses sitting around reading pornography and jerking off. -- Jane Wagner
i think you should rework that statement. a much more useful version is: "From now on, anyone gets smacked." -- Kristiina Wilson
I think you're selling yourself way short by just aspiring to Infomercial Thug. You've clearly got talent, kid, and that talent's going to take you places that my Thugs and I can only imagine. Make me proud. And one day, when you're the Infor-Pope looking out on your vast and profitable domain, all of your enemies long since expired on your Spiked Treadmills and sold at a fair mark-up to your white-toothed, wrinkle-free populace...think of me kindly. Or I will squash you. -- Greg Plesur
I think you've had that plan quote even longer than I've had mine. It's odd. -- Nicholas Brownlow
I think, if my butt's not too big for them to be photographing it, then it shouldn't be too big for me. -- Christy Turlington
I think, therefore I am confused.
I think, therefore I am paid.
I think, therefore I am. I think.
I think, therefore I am... dangerous, that is...
I think, therefore I am... DANGEROUS.
I think, therefore I am... I think.
I think, therefore I disclaim.
I think, therefore I get these terrible headaches.
I think, therefore I know O.J. did it.
I think, therefore I laugh.
I think, therefore I'm overqualified
I think, therefore I'm single.
I think, therefore, !PANIC! illegal protected mode access attempt. Memory fault: core dumped
I thoroughly disapprove of duels. If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him. -- Mark Twain
I though Adam was a small white naked version of Rohit. -- Duck
I thought [Self Esteem] was just about some guy whose chick messes him around... Uh-oh, I used the C-word. -- Robert Harley
I thought at last that it was time to roll up the crumpled skin of the day, with its arguments and its impressions and its anger and its laughter, and cast it into the hedge.
I thought computer algorithms was their jargon for numerical analysis. -- Joel Franklin
I thought DEL *.* -really- deleted the files
I thought I had seen everything that can be done while driving a car. But this morning, I saw a guy playing a bugle while at the wheel.
I thought I had wavy hair until I shaved. Instead, I find that I have straight hair and a very wavy head. -- Shel Silverstein
I thought I knew what really mattered. Got a flat on the road, don't care about my car. Lost 26 bucks, don't care about my rent. Caught every episode on TV today, but the only thing I care about got away. -- E
I thought I was mistaken but I was mistaken.
I thought I was the Duke of Earl when I made it with the red head girl in the Chevrolet. -- Billy Joel
I thought I'd include the introduction. Why is it at the end, though? Does that make it a contradiction? -- Megan Coughlin
I thought learning to play the bagpipes was hard, until I realized I was just strangling an ostrich. -- Craig Stacey
I thought my life would seem more interesting with a musical score and a laugh track. -- Calvin
I thought my monkey had rabies... turned out he had just gotten into the Cool Whip. -- DL
I thought of losing my virginity as a career move. -- Madonna
I thought that Diet Coke used filtered, imported antartic ice floe water and specially ground nutrasweet. And those bubbles, aren't they french?
I thought that look is over. Well, it's retro. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I thought that the chief thing to be done in order to equal boys was to be learned and courageous. So I decided to study Greek and learn to manage a horse. -- Elizabeth Cody Stanton
I thought that you should be the first to know. I joined the psychotic friends network. -- Hugh Moore
I thought they were joking when they said a degree was proof that you can read and write... -- Robert Harley
I thought they weren't gonna let me in, cuz i'm not dressed dumb. -- Andrew Williams
I thought we all were children of God. -- Hunchback of Notre Dame
I thought, hey I can leave, I can leave, but now I know that I was wrong. Because I missed you. -- Lisa Loeb
I thrill when I drill a bicuspid, it's swell though they tell me I'm mal-ad-just-ed. -- Little Shop of Horrors
I throw away my past mistakes and contemplate my future. That's when I say What the Hey!? -- Green Day
I toast, therefore I am. -- Red Dwarf
I told all of our original investors that they would lose their money for sure. -- Jeff Bezos
I told her no sensible man would take her dancing in her bikini, so she went with a little moron.
I told my girlfriend I've got money to burn and she said, "Well, I've got the matches."
I told my girlfriend last night how much I loved her, and she said that I must have been out drinking again. I asked her why she would say that, and she said, "Because I'm your father." -- Top 5
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine; he gets better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
I told you 158 times I cannot stand little notes on my pillow. "We are out of cornflakes. F. U." It took me three hours to figure out F. U. was Felix Ungar. It's not your fault, Felix; it's a rotten combination. -- Oscar Madison (The Odd Couple)
I took a baby shower.
I took a lie detector test. No I didn't. -- Steven Wright
I took a physics course that was so hard, I couldn't find the classroom.
I took a speed reading course and read War and Peace. It involves Russia. -- Woody Allen
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
I took her to a place that wasn't human. She actually meowed. -- When Harry Met Sally
I took my lyre and said: Come now, my heavenly tortoise shell: become a speaking instrument.
I took thee for thy better. Take thy fortune.
I took up tennis because I like to raise a racket.
I touch bottom and scrape the sides!
I treat people as if they were telephones. If I meet somebody who I don't think likes me, I say to myself, "Bob, this one's temporarily out of order." You know. Don't break the connection. Just hang up and try again. -- What About Bob?
I tried an internal modem, but it hurt when I walk.
I tried my right hand... I tried my left hand... My wife tried her right hand... My wife tried her left hand. She took her teeth out and used her mouth. We still couldn't get the lid off the jar.
I tried on 250 bathing suits in one afternoon and ended up having little scabs up and down my thighs, probably from some of those with sequins all over them. -- Cindy Crawford
I tried switching to gum but couldn't keep it lit.
I tried to have one night stands, but they just kept coming back for more. -- Michelle Morrell
I tried to look up my family tree, but a dog was using it.
I tried to use my halo as a life preserver, but it sprung a leak. -- Foetus
I tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground.
I try all things; I achieve what I can. -- Herman Melville
I try to eat what's good for me but I like Captain Crunch, and an extra large Snickers bar and a glass of Hawaiian Punch. -- Rugburns
I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal. -- Calvin
I try to make everyones life a little more surreal. -- Calvin (Calvin &amp; Hobbes)
I try to take one day at a time, but lately several days have attacked me at once.
I try to use these words as often as possible, regardless of whether or not they are really appropriate. -- John Thornley
I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out. The weatherman said, "I don't understand it. It was supposed to be 80 degrees out today." I said, "Oops..." -- Steven Wright
I understand women, I just don't give a shit.
I understand. I used to believe in things when I was a kid. -- Homer Simpson
I unfortunately let AOL start up. -- Suzy Gooch
I use a body rub called Halitosis to make my breath smell sweet.
I use not only all the brains I have, but all I can borrow. -- Woodrow Wilson
I use so much beta software (including Netscape 1.1b3 and the Microsoft Word 6.0 for Mac release version), that I tend to forget that others don't "upgrade/test" as quickly. -- J.E. McGimpsey
i use sweet'n low in my coffee so a sugar rush doesn't interfere with my caffeine rush -- Joshua Schachter
I use Windows... on my car, on my house, on my...
I used to be a bartender at the Betty Ford Clinic.
I used to be a Capricorn, but then I changed my mind. -- Andy Breckman
I used to be a schizophrenic, but now I'm lonely.
I used to be a schizophrenic, but we're alright now.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to be an atheist but I gave it up. No holidays.
I used to be clueless but I turned that situation around 360 degrees. -- Ratbert
I used to be disgusted, now I try to stay amused. -- Elvis Costello
I used to be indecesive, now I'm not so sure.
I used to be indecisive, now I'm not so sure.
I used to be indecisive, now I'm not sure.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
I used to be Snow White, but then I drifted. -- Mae West
I used to cringe whenever Adam opened his mouth because I knew some catch phrase or cliche was about to come out. Either he's gotten better (or found new cliches) or I've gotten more jaded. -- John Dobbin
I used to feel sorry for you when you weren't getting any dates. Now, I have no more sympathy.
I used to get a high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
I used to go to Liars Anonymous but I told them I was cured and they believed me. Suckers. -- John Dobbin
I used to grammar bad, but now I got worser.
I used to have a handle on life, then DOS closed it...
I used to have a handle on life, then it broke.
I USED TO HEART MY DUMB FRIENDS UNTIL I DECIDED TO CLUB THEM ALL WITH A SPADE AND SELL THEIR DIAMONDS TO BUY MORE RAM. -- Faisal Jawdat
i used to look at people when i first met them and think, "i bet i won't like you." now, i look at them and think, "i bet i won't like your web page." -- Jon Slenk
I used to love her, but I had to kill her. I had to put her, six feet under; and I can still hear her complain. -- Guns n Roses
I used to practice with a ketchup bottle in the bathroom. -- Toni Braxton
I used to program Apple II's, then came Macintosh, then came PowerPC, and then came Thorazine!!! -- Gary Boswell
I used to program my IBM PC to make hideous noises to wake me up. I also made the conscious decision to hard-code the alarm time into the program, so as to make it more difficult for me to reset it. After I realised that I was routinely getting up, editing the source file, recompiling the program and rerunning it for 15 minutes extra sleep, before going back to bed, I gave up and made the alarm time a command-line option. -- B.M. Buck
I used to put silly putty on one side and tap them toward the floor so they'd stay the hell down. -- John Dobbin
I used to tell him, chill out Albert. Everything's relative. -- With Honors
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to think I was poor. Then they told me I wasn't poor, I was needy. Then they told me it was self-defeating to think of myself as needy. I was deprived. (Oh not deprived but rather underprivileged.) Then they told me that underprivileged was overused. I was disadvantaged. I still don't have a dime. But I have a great vocabulary. -- Jules Feiffer (1965)
I used to think my family was wierd... I don't know what I was on. -- John Jantos
I used to watch golf on television, but the doctor said I needed more exercise, so now I watch tennis.
I used to watch TV, then I bought a modem.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place. -- Steven Wright
I used to worry about what life was for - now being alive seems sufficient reason. -- Joanna Field
I usually avoid guys who have "hate" and "fear" tattooed on their knuckles, but, Barry... Barry's different. -- Seinfeld
I usually take a two hour nap from 1 to 4. -- Yogi Berra
I view the landslide of C use in education as something of a calamity. -- Niklaus Wirth
I view you as the monastic order of academia. You have a miserable lifestyle, but you're on the path to enlightenment. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
I waited and waited, and when nobody called, I knew it was from you.
I wake near the end of the day.
I walk along a thin line darling, dark shadows follow me. -- Elvis
I walk along darkened corridors. -- They Might Be Giants
I walked down the street alone, carrying a dollar. It was me and George doing the singles thing again.
I walked into the adult book store, and my heart was beating faster than the drums at the tip of Zimbabwe. They never taught me nothin bout this in Catholic school. -- Rugburns
I wanna die wasted in a room with Eddie Vedder. We can both die together, but he'll go first, 'cause he's more famous than the Rugburns. -- Rugburns
I wanna own a combine someday. A Zamboni too. -- John Dobbin
I wanna publish zines, and rage against machines; I wanna pierce my tongue, it doesn't hurt, it feels fine. -- Harvey Danger (Flagpole Sitta",)
I wanna shampoo your guts with my detergent of love.
I wanna trade you for granite. -- John Dobbin
I want .50 cal machine guns as a factory option.
I want a car as powerful as a gorilla, yet soft and yielding like a nerfball. -- Homer Simpson
I want a meal, not a snack.
I want a non filesystem-based source code management & control system. I want it to have a nice interface, supported on multiple platforms for both the client and server, and support multiple independent projects built from the same source base. I want it to use a protocol that is published as an Internet Draft or informational RFC. I want it to be sold by a vendor that documents the backend format in pornographic detail, but also supplies good recovery tools so that detail is only necessary for warm fuzzies. I want a pony. -- Chris Hanson
I want a woman with the body of Cindy Crawford and the mind of Homer Simpson. -- The Second Half
I want a workstation named asdfjkl, so it's easy to type the name. -- Jim Zelenka
I want electricity to become so cheap that only the rich can afford candles. -- Thomas Edison
I want electron microscope photos and coefficient of friction plots and s**t. -- A. Scott Bachmeier
I want everyone in the whole world to like me, except the people that I've already met, handled, found inconsequential, and forgot about. -- Joseph Heller (Something Happened)
I want everything; do you have it??
I want Howard Stern's body. -- Rohit Khare (on Howard's fitness program)
I want it all, I want it now, and I don't want to pay for it. -- Denis Leary
I want it clearly understood that I'm totally confused.
I want it so clammy that putting a hand in a golf glove feels like giving a water buffalo a prostate exam. -- Dan Moffett
I want knowledge, not faith, not supposition, but knowledge. I want God to strech out this hand to me, reveal himself and speak to me. I call out to him in the dark, but no one seems to be there. -- Ingmar Bergman (The Seventh Seal)
I want love, I want drugs, I want sex and affection. Want everyone in this room here to be lookin' in my direction. -- Material Issue
I want my 100 mip desktop PC to have the processor mounted on top of the case in a little ceramic square so I can use it for a coffee warmer. Burying all those heat sinks in the cabinet is a waste of good heat. -- Dale Parish
I want my inbox flooded with useless junk so I can get the occasional diamond from Rohit and Adam, and I don't want to have to go to the Web for it, because it isn't sex that makes me feel loved, it's e-mail. -- George X. Torres
I want nothing to do with natural foods. At my age, I need all the preservatives I can get! -- George Burns
I want OFSes: not files with new stat() bits, but real, named, filterable, convertible objects. -- Rohit Khare
I want pizza. -- Multiplicity
I want something to organize my life and it should play tetris. -- Chris Grimes
I want the best of both worlds: lesbians AND heterosexual women.
I want the world to know I'm happy as can be.
I want this film so badly I'd stab myself in the back to get it. -- Joel Silver
I want this group. What do you think? Anyone who disagrees with me is a communist. -- mel@rottweiler.ee.nd.edu
I want to be a lifeguard for the gene pool. You! Out of the pool! -- Sean Simmons
I want to be a lion. Everybody wants to pass as cats. -- Counting Crows
I want to be in a field where the big buzz words are "babies," "reaching" and "dopamine." That field would be "evil mad scientist who lives alone on an island making his or her race of freakish supermen with animal DNA and things I found in a meteorite." -- Greg Plesur
I want to be like them in every way. -- Butt-head on the Beastie Boys
I want to be old and annoy people pretending I'm deaf. -- Blackadder III
I want to be Robin to Bush's Batman. -- Senator Dan Quayle
I want to be the kind of man whose passing is mourned rather than rejoiced.
I want to be with people who don't think at all, so I won't have to think either. I'm very tired of thinking. It doesn't seem to help very much. -- Kurt Vonnegut
I want to buy a husband who, every week when I sit down to watch 'St. Elsewhere', won't scream, 'FORGET IT, BLANCHE ... IT'S TIME FOR HEE HAW' -- Berke Breathed (Bloom County)
I want to cover every bit of your body in pepper and then sneeze all over you. -- Blackadder IV
I want to decide who lives and who dies. -- Crow T. Robot
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming in terror like his passengers. -- Jack Handey
I want to find a cute early bird to eat my early worm. -- John Dobbin
I want to follow in John Huston's footsteps, still directing while being hauled around in a wheelchair by an attractive nurse. -- Ron Howard
I want to get a tattoo of myself on my entire body, only 2 inches taller.
I want to lap it up and swim in it until I drown; my moral standing is lying down. This is the only time I really feel alive. -- Nine Inch Nails
I want to live forever or die in the attempt.
I want to love but it comes out wrong; I want to live but I don't belong; I close my eyes, and I see blood and roses. -- Smithereens
I want to marry Dorothy Parker. Well, actually I probably just want to divorce her. -- Peter Berger
I want to pick a bone with you! -- Thanh Boyer
I want to play with her head like a drum kit. -- Steven Wright
I want to pull my arms into me when they aren't in use. -- John Dobbin
I want to reach out and touch the flames, where the streets have no name. -- U2
I want to run away. But only children can run away. Adults only fail. -- Rohit Khare
I want to run the risk of ruining what is a lovely recession. -- George H. W. Bush
I want to start a line of sex toys called "I Can't Believe It's Not Dick." -- Pixie
I want to thank all the people who made this night necessary.
I want to thank my parents for loving me and taking care of me, and the rest of the world can kiss my ass. -- Johnny Franklin Garret
I want you to break me and I want you to throw me away. -- Nine Inch Nails
I want you to kill someone in ten lines or less. -- Jon Bennett
I want you to take me. I want you to break me. And I want you to throw me away. -- Nine Inch Nails
I wanted his truck, but all I got was the dipstick.
I wanted to be an astrologer, but I din't see any future in it.
I wanted to make it sound like I was in a restaurant. -- Friends
I was a dirty old man when I was 17. -- Michael Patrick
I was a peripheral visionary. I could see the future, but only way off to the side. -- Steven Wright
I was a trapeze artist for a while, but then I was let go.
I was able to climb the latter so you should be able to fill the former. -- Adam Rifkin
I was accepted into this department as a decoration. -- James Cook
I was always envious of those Web logs that displayed their archive in a nifty calendar format where you can select a day and see the entries for that date. I then remembered that when you know Perl, envy is unwarranted. -- Rafe Colburn
I was an adorable kid and a really hideously fat, drunk adolescent. And there's not a huge call for that. -- Danny Bonaduce
I was an infinitely hot and dense dot.
I was arrested for walking in someone else's sleep.
I was at a bar nursing a beer. My nipple was getting quite soggy.
I was BEING NICE! -- When Harry Met Sally
I was born a day late and have been that way ever since.
I was born about about 1600 years ago, raised by wolves who had a penchant for chickens, burgers, and breath mints. I was there with Alaric when he sacked Rome in 410AD and have always thought that would be a cool name when I eventually fathered children..... -- Ken Nagle
I was born at a very early age. Age is not a very interesting subject. Anyone can get old; all you have to do is live long enough. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I was born here, and I have left, and inexorably I return. -- Megan Coughlin
I was born smiling.
I was born this way. What's your excuse?
I was brain-dead, locked out, numb, not up to speed. I never understood the frequency. -- REM
I was called a sex thimble. -- Dudley Moore
I was cured all right. -- A Clockwork Orange
I was deeply unhappy, but I didn't know it because I was happy all the time. -- LA Story
I was either standing in your shadow, or blocking your light, though I kept on trying, I could not make it right... For you girl, there's just not enough love in the world. -- Don Henley
I was engaged to a contortionist. She broke it off.
I was expecting more when Adam said it wasn't worth the time it takes to load, but that's all there is. Of course he was still right. -- John Dobbin
I was formatting a hard disk, and the format program told me it couldn't verify cylinder 666 on head 13. -- David Breneman
I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do? -- Ronnie Shakes
I was going to invoke Godwin's Law, but some Nazi beat me to it. -- Wayne Baisley
I was going to procrastinate, but I put it off....
i was going to, in fact, deliver an insult so horrible and mind blowing that your personality and psyche would have been utterly destroyed. however, i have decided that it would not be worth it to lose you as a person i'll just mention that i could have done so. -- Joshua Schachter
I was gonna pay my student loans, but then I thought, hey, what are they gonna do, repossess my brain?
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know. -- Mark Twain
I was hitchhiking the other day, and a hearse stopped. I said, "No thanks - I'm not going that far." -- Steven Wright
I was hoping your server was a huge, custom, Area 51-type of thing, Frankensteinian, a mammoth gigaswitch, a MAE-Faisal, but held together with duct tape and prayer. You disappoint me. -- Matt Alt
I was in a bar the other night, hopping from barstool to barstool, trying to get lucky -- but there wasn't any gum under any of them.
I was just born, and I was eight and a half months premature. Did I already tell you this dream? -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I was just daydreaming about my inability to fantasize.
I was just giving the birdie some num nums. -- Hrundy V. Bakshi (The Party)
I was just now sitting here wondering to myself, "Why in the hell am I running out of swap space?" Then I realized that a better question would be, "Why in the hell am I running 33 copies of xemacs?" -- Martin Frankel
I was just stopped by the LAPD and boy am I beat
I was known as the chief grave robber of my state. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I was mistaken. P in ftp stands for Protocol. Now, a naive person like myself will have to be excused for mistaking this Protocol for the common word "protocol." As we know, advanced operating systems like Unix, which happen to be vastly superior to, oh, everything, and came in fact directly from the hand of Zeus and have no problems or flaws whatsoever (including X), are also case sensitive, because this is how the rest of the world works. English, spoken and written, is case sensitive, of course, despite the seeming evidence to the contrary. Why, without case sensitivity, english would be unreadable. Just imagine having to read text that wasn't properly capitalized! Geek intellectual, sometimes playing the role of pranksters, often write long sprawling and incomprehensible texts with a liberal use of ellipsis, no punctuation and no caps to prove this point. Case sensitivity is so important that they try to stress it as much as possible. Sometimes they even deliberately screw up the case of words, as with "hEy D00Dz!" or "Linux rULeS!" In any case, "Protocol" and "protocol" are naturally two very different words. One of them has a well defined meaning, and one -- "Protocol" -- has meaning only on Unix, where it's meaning is roughly "unreliable bullshit that doesn't conform to the RFCs we barked about for years and which lacks features and specifications that even a rabid sheep dog could identify as useful, and which has no more reliability than a loan shark on his way to prison for felony fraud." So, naturally, this explains why there's nothing wrong with FTP. Especially since now approximately 1% of ftp servers support resume and non-blocking cancel. -- Robert Rodgers
I was more impressed by what came out the last time I blew my nose. -- Blackadder IV
I was neat, clean, shaved and sober, and I didn't care who knew it. -- Phillip Marlowe (In Raymond Chandler's THE BIG SLEEP)
I was offered the lead in a new motion picture, The Attack of the Killer Love Handles.
I was once in a spelling bee, but I lost because the other contastents cheeted. -- Paul Paternoster
I was once quoted in Upside, saying that General Magic's MagicCap OS was like a waitress who made her personality the issue instead of the food. The metaphor was actually a bit more colorful. -- Dave Winer
I was only having fun, wasn't hurting anyone, and we all enjoyed the weekend for a change. -- Billy Joel
I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike. -- Emile Henry Gauvreay
I was playing frisbee with my dog. Man, he made a weird sound.
I was playing Megadeth and after a while both Jose and Peter complained about "some sort of resonance" (not the volume which was only at 40%). -- Robert Harley
I was put on earth to give people reading lists they could never hope to finish. -- Christy Regenhardt
I was put on this earth to do a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind, I will never be allowed to die.
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything. -- Steven Wright
I was really impressed with hawaii from several perspectives, but available chicks was not one of them. -- Joe Kiniry
I was really looking forward to some excessive indulgence. Keep me posted on the next time this is happening. -- John Thornley
I was running the GreatCircle demo from www.geodesic.com in the background. It leaked/recovered 680MB in the time it took to write this. I'm tempted to leave it running to see what happens when it hits MAXINT. I'm only speculating here, but I'd bet it says, "NETSCAPE GOLD!!" -- Robert Rodgers
I was sane once... didn't like it.
I was sittin' in the bathtub, countin' my toes, when the radiator broke, the water all froze. Got stuck in the ice, without my clothes. -- John Prine
I was sitting here fast asleep when a trill from flora woke me up to some arriving email... -- Robert Harley
I was sitting on a curb one day feeling all dejected, and a little bird came along and said 'cheer up, it could be worse', so I cheered up, and sure enough, things got worse. -- Dan Shafer
I was skydiving horizontally.
I was so disappointed with the Taj Mahal. Seriously. Sure it's this magnificant piece of marble, with intricate hand crafted designs that took nearly a life time to build and required the sacrifice of the thumbs of every worker... but it is afterall only a mortuary!!! -- Shilpa Shukla
I was such a dangerous hitter I even got intentional walks in batting practice. -- Casey Stengel
I was supposed to win 32.8% of the prizes. I'll have to figure that out. -- Real Genius
I was the best I ever had. -- Woody Allen
I was the next door kid's imaginary friend.
I was the person who stood in the middle of the room, trying to be the center of attention, but actually just watched everyone else. -- Cristen Sankey
I was thinking about ending Michelle's character reference thingie with something like, "She is warm, funny, caring, intelligent, and non-judgemental; and if you'll hire her, I'll give you a dollar." But I'd hate to be accused of trying to buy a job for her. -- Megan Coughlin
i was thinking more along the lines of my dating life than major political trends. although it may be argued that the two are one and the same. -- May Jawdat
I was thinking of her in terms of a toy, like a firetruck. When the firetruck breaks, you cry a bit then forget about it and play with the police cruiser. -- John Jantos
I was thinking of just pouring a pound of coffee in the litter box raw. -- John Dobbin
I was thirsty and wanted a beer, but they only had Coors so I drank that instead.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam. I looked into the soul of the person sitting next to me. -- Woody Allen
I was told it had been blown up by Oliver Cromwell. I understood definitely that he had blown up all sorts of things and was therefore a very great man. -- Winston Churchill
I was too busy laughing at the image of you running across the Sahara with tournament darts, trying to bring down a giraffe. -- Megan Coughlin
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
I was trying to make him feel good this morning about being a 140 pound malamute that hunted field mice the size of dust balls, but all I could come up with was, "you're the greatest mouser since... some cat." -- Anne-Corinne Kell
I was unable to stop in time to avoid the accident.
I was walking around the house, looking for things to rewire. -- Tim Allen
I was walking down the street, something caught my eye... and dragged it fifteen feet. -- Emo Phillips
I was wondering how you got him out of the house and into manray. He looked like living death. Then again we all looked like living death. Some of us on purpose. -- wsmith@sunspot.tiac.net
I was wondering if it would be reasonable to model the Stalinist terror as a sudden chaotic nonperturbative backfiring of the smooth linearly perturbative engine of the Hegelian dialectic? -- Patricia Schwarz
I was wondering why we had lunch 49 times. -- North
I was worried that it wouldn't be suckful enough. I tried it out, however, and it is perfectly sucky. -- Megan Coughlin loves her new vacuum
I was young and foolish then, I feel old and foolish now. -- They Might Be Giants
I washed mud, off of mud.
I washed my edible underwear and now they're gone.
I wasn't always like this, Lieutenant. -- Picard
I wasn't aware Perl was sexually transmitted. -- Steve Gifford
I wasn't bubbly as a kid. Even when I got older, they'd say, 'Patricia, you've got to be more bubbly.' I'd say, 'That's a beverage, not a person.' -- Patricia Arquette (Glamour)
I wasn't dead; I was just in America. -- Shadowlands
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth. -- Chico Marx
I wasn't listening... now I'll have to babble about irrelevant technical things until they lose consciousness... -- Scott Adams
I wasn't looking for 'Mrs. Right', or even 'Mrs. Right Now', but more for 'Mrs. Right Here Buddy'.
I wasn't lying under oath. I was testilying.
I wasn't planning to come in until (to use John's phrase) vampire hours. -- Berna Massingill
I wasn't put here... to solve world problems. I've dealt in fluff all my life, but I've made a lot of people happy. -- Dick Clark
I wasn't really involved in the rave scene in the early 80's, I don't know much about it. But what I've seen of the current American scene seems to have a lot of energy. But I'm not sure about those big-ass trousers. -- Fatboy Slim
I wasn't really naked. I simply didn't have any clothes on. -- Josephine Baker
I watch the harvest... learning from the earth of what it is to give and give again, and only in that giving to grow whole.
I watched Oprah the other day; there were some mothers on the show who decided to screw their daughters' boyfriends. -- Rugburns
I wear my heart on my sleeve. I wear my liver on my pant leg.
I went from Pheonix Arizona, all the way to Tacoma, Philedelphia, Atlanta, L.A. -- Steve Miller
I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said, "I'd like some fries." The girl at the counter said, "Would you like some fries with that?" -- Jay Leno
I went into Gus's artificial organ and taco stand. I said "Give me a bladder por favor." The guy said "Is that to go?" I said "Well what else would I want it for?"
I went into her cave and returned without the ears of a rabbit.
I went mad once. Did me a world of good.
I went on a 30-day diet - and lost 30 days!
I went out for dinner wearing new shoes. I couldn't eat at this once place, though. They had a sign that said, "Shirt and shoes must be worn."
I went out to the kitchen to make coffee, yards of coffee. Rich, strong, bitter, boiling hot, ruthless, depraved. The lifeblood of tired men. -- Marlowe (In Raymond Chandler's THE LONG GOODBYE)
I went out today and bought everything I've been wanting, because now that the elections are over, I know that the politicians are going to take care of the middle class.
I went out with the girls to the local meeting place and we sat and chatted and beered (is that a verb?) it up for several hours. Gosh it was fun to waste time and just hang out. -- Linda Rifkin
I went to a 7-11 and asked for a 2x4 and a box of 3x5s. The clerk said, 10-4.
I went to a BMW dealership the other day, and learned a lot about BMWs, but none of the salesmen there seemed to know much about Audis. It was really kind of strange. I guess they really just don't understand automobiles, or the automobile market in general. -- Joe Barrera
I went to a convent in New York and was fired finally for my insistence that the Immaculate Conception was a spontaneous combustion. -- Dorothy Parker
I went to a general store. They wouldn't let me buy anything specific. -- Steven Wright
I went to a psychiatrist recently and he said, 'Were you ever molested as a child?' And I said, 'No... I was dying to be molested, dying for someone to have a fiddle around.' And he said, 'Oooh, we've never heard THAT one before.' -- Elton John
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance. -- Steven Wright
I went to a strip mall the other day with my friend. Let me tell you, I was disappointed. Everybody else had on clothes.
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20 years ago. When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!" Years later, I went back to the same hotel. I noticed the room keys had been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors. There was a computer in every doorknob. -- Danny Hillis
I went to San Francisco. I found someone's heart. -- Steven Wright
I went to see my doctor because I had a piece of cereal stuck in my ear. He told me I wasn't eating right.
I went to the bank the other day to check my balance, and I fell off the roof.
I went to the Missing Persons Bureau. No one was there. -- George Carlin
I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that it took seven others to beat him!
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. -- Henry David Thoreau (Walden)
I will avoid that like the plack. -- Thanh Boyer
I will consult the magic 8 ball on that one ... its says "How the hell should I know" -- Jennifer Knipper
I will defend to your death my right to my opinion.
I will finish what I star -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will go further and dry-erase-marker you in. -- John Thornley
I will keep working until about five years after I die, and I've given the directors a Ouija board so they can keep in touch. -- Warren Buffett
I will make it a felony to drink small beer. -- William Shakespeare
I will make you shorter by the head.
I will never lie to you.
I will never see myself in the mirror with my eyes closed. -- They Might Be Giants
I will never win an Emmy. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not aim for the head. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not barf unless I'm sick. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not be officious. -- from the Minnesota police code of ethics
I will not be pushed, filed, indexed, briefed, debriefed, or numbered. I am not a number! I am a free man! -- The Prisoner
I will not be pushed, prodded, folded, stamped, briefed, debriefed or filed. I am a man. My life is my own -- The Prisoner
I will not belch the National Anthem. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not bribe Principal Skinner. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not bring sheep to class. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not burp in class. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not bury the new kid. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not call my teacher "Hot Cakes". -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not call the principal "spud head". -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not carve gods. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not celebrate meaningless milestones. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not charge admission to the bathroom. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not conduct my own fire drills. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not cut corners " " " " " " " " " " " ". -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not defame New Orleans. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not do anything bad ever again. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not do that thing with my tongue. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not draw naked ladies in class. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not drive the principal's car. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick, not wounded... dead. -- Woody Allen
I will not eat things for money. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not encourage others to fly. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not expose the ignorance of the faculty. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not fake my way through life. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not fake seizures. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not forget you.
I will not get very far with this attitude. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not go near the kindergarten turtle. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not grease the monkey bars. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not hide behind the Fifth Amendment. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not instigate revolution. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not lie down. I will not go quietly. -- Don Henley and Axl Rose
I will not make flatulent noises in class. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not pledge allegiance to Bart. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not prescribe medication. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not re-transmit without the express permission of Major League Baseball. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not say Springfield just to get applause. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not sell land in Florida. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not sell miracle cures. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not sell school property. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not show off. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not skateboard in the halls. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not sleep through my education. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not snap bras. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not spank others. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not squeak chalk. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not teach others to fly. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not torment the emotionally frail. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not trade pants with others. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not waste chalk. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not Xerox my butt. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not yell "Fire" in a crowded classroom. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will not yell "She's Dead" during roll call. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will report after the first show of the tour on Friday the 13th sometime after midnight depending on how much I drink. -- rattlers95@aol.com
I will return the seeing-eye dog. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
I will rule out PERL on grounds of total illegibility and insecurity. It is possible to write decent programs in Perl. I know both of the people who actually do it. -- Jonathan Shapiro
I will scream or sulk and pout, until my poor skeleton steps out. -- XTC
I will smash the CIA into a thousand pieces. -- John F. Kennedy
I will try to raise a better child. -- Marge Simpson (writing 500 times on the board)
I will turn 75 in February. My wife is 46 years younger. She is young, beautiful and full of lust for life. She loves me and I love her, but naturally we think about the time after my death. -- Walter Thiele (inventor of laughing machine in a bag)
I win every video game I play, because I don't play if I'm not winning. -- Tara Morrison
I wish everyone would just wake up and buy a Macintosh. -- Alan McElrath
I wish for a knob on the TV to turn up intelligence... brightness doesn't work. -- Gallagher
I wish I could help, but I don't want to. -- Friends
I wish I could travel back in time to the 1800's. Not because I'm fond of that era or something, but I just don't want to pay my student loan back. -- Megan Lyn Edson
I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar, because then, Yahoo!, I'd have all my money back. -- Jack Handey
I wish I had a snappy Trek Tagline to put here...
I wish I had as much in bed as I get in the newspapers. -- Linda Ronstadt
I wish I had invented crime scene tape.
I wish I had your idealism and optimism. I expect to die bitter and penniless in a gutter, having hocked my last few CDs for a wicked 8ball concoction of heroin, valium, speed, crack, caffeine, nicotine, percodan, mandrax, NyQuil, marijuana, dilaudid, methadone, blue label, methamphetamine, tequila, and rum, with a pickax in one hand and a nuclear warhead in the other. Compared to that, *anything* seems like the good life. -- Adam Rifkin
I wish I was a dog, and Bill Clinton was a tree.
I wish I was a Kellogg's Cornflake. -- Paul Simon
I wish I was a Klingon. I want a lumpy head.
I wish I was in Dixie, hooray, hooray.
I wish I was in Tijuana eating barbecued iguana. -- Wall of Voodoo
I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway. -- Jack Handey
I wish i'd stop being hypo and just be clearly insane in one dimension or another: attention, dysphoria, dyxsthimia, ehatever. I'm a head-case hypochondriac. -- Rohit Khare
I wish life had a scroll-back buffer.
I wish life had a scroll-back buffer.....
I wish my butt did not go sideways, but I guess I have to face that. -- Christie Brinkley
i wish my intestines were multithreaded -- Len Lanphar
I wish something exciting would happen, like an alien invasion or something. Do you ever wonder whether someone like me is sitting in a missile silo somewhere thinking, "Life has gotten just a little TOO BORING." -- Sam Kass
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called 'brightness', but it doesn't work. -- Gallagher
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called brightness, but it doesn't work. -- Gallagher
I wish they all could be California girls!
I wish they all could be California girls.
I wish this officer would understand that nought is a mark.
I wish you everything you wish me, and everything you'll wish you wished me after I've wished you everything I wish you.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I wish you were a beer.
I woke up one day and girls were women, stewardesses were flight attendants, and hookers were sexual arts engineers. And for an extra 20 bucks, they will let you call them whatever you want. -- Duckman
I woke up this morning and my penis was missing again. -- King Missile
I woke up to discover it had all been a terrible film...
I won't be a full-fledged Pod Person until I have a PCS phone. -- Dan Martinez
I won't be runnin' from the rain when I'm gone / And I can't even suffer from the pain when I'm gone / Can't say who's to praise and who's to blame when I'm gone / So I guess I'll have to do it while I'm here. -- Phil Ochs
I won't lie now, either. My job isn't to be friends. My job is to produce the best soldiers in the world. In the whole history of the world. We need a Napoleon. An Alexander. Except that Napoleon lost in the end, and Alexander flamed out and died young. We need a Julius Caesar, except that he made himself dictator, and died for it. My job is to produce such a creature, and all the men and women he'll need to help him. Nowhere in that does it say that I have to make friends with children. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
I won't rise to the occaasion, but I'll slide over to it.
I won't stand for gossip! No, I sit down and make myself comfortable for gossip. -- Crabby Road
I won't use Windows, I won't use Windows, I won't...
I wonder how do I show off my two uu t1's?. maybe I'll log on TWICE. for twice the daily recommended dose of idiocy -- Vijay Gill
I wonder how hard the LSAT is... I wonder if I could get into law school... I wonder if I could be a lawyer without choking myself to death one cold, quiet winter night... -- Robert Rodgers
I wonder how much it would cost to develop a perl script to do the same thing? Perl programmers can make something like $75 an hour, so I bet the cost would be somewhere between five and ten bucks. -- Alan Bostick
I wonder how much time in my life I've spent typing a second space after every period as I write. -- Adam Rifkin
I wonder if angels believe in ghosts. -- Jack Handey
I wonder if other people can hear voices in their heads. I certainly can. I can hear one now. It's saying, "I wonder if other people..."
I wonder what it's like to be a superhero... I wish the real world would just stop hassling me. -- Matchbox 20
I wonder where I can get little tractors for my ant farm...
I wonder why none of the "programmer wanted" postings in comp.os.linux.* ever list payment options. -- Chris Hanson
I wonder why, I wonder why. I wonder why I wonder. I wonder why I wonder why; I wonder why I wonder? -- Richard Feynman
I wonder... Do you exist? Because you seem to fade when you talk BS!
I wore a wedding ring to plant the idea of a wife in their mind so I would seem more geographically stable. Wedding rings are also great for picking up chicks, but that was just a side effect. :) -- John Dobbin
I work at being optimistic about life. Pessimism, certainly cynicism, is an enemy. Those things destroy possibilities. Optimism is the right outlook to have. I'm convinced it creates possibilities. -- Tommy Lee Jones (Washington Post)
I work for BellSouth. Please hold.
I worked 22 years in the industry, and I noticed that operating systems get cancer with age. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
I worry about being called a racist so much that when I do my laundry I refuse to separate the whites from the colors. -- Dennis Miller
I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else. -- Lily Tomlin
I worship the ground that awaits you.
I would ask that you stop fiddling with my ears. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I would be proud to partake in your pecan pieeee. -- When Harry Met Sally
I would commit suicide, but I'm a health nut. I tried to overdose on herb tea. I didn't die, but now I'm REAL relaxed.
I would compare writing Seinfeld to writing the Talmud - a dark Talmud. You have a lot of brilliant minds examining a thought or ethical question from every possible angle. -- Larry David (In Entertainment Weekly)
I would dance for joy if there weren't people watching.
I would drape myself in velvet if it were socially acceptable. -- Seinfeld
I would enjoy the day much more if it began later.
I would except that the bitch that stood me up last saturday is also in possession of my copy of why I hate saturn, which is suprisingly appropriate in an ironic sort of way. Women suck.
I would give it all. Catch me as I fall. -- REM
I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake. -- Robert Bolt (A Man for All Seasons)
I would go three thousand miles for Kristy, however, I wouldn't go to the other side of the street for Tiffany! -- Steve Bondi
I would have continued my job as a banker, but I lacked the interest.
I would have written earlier, but I was driving in the diamond lane by myself, and the LAPD kicked my butt.
I would jog, but the ice would fall out of my glass.
I would just like a really really strong spork if thats not too much to ask.. -- John Fessenden
I would like to be allowed to admire a man's opinion as I would his dog, without being expected to take it home with me. -- Frank A. Clark
I would like to buy a fish liscence, please.
I would like to express my sympathy to all those impacted by this disaster. -- Vice President Dan Quayle (re: crushed quake victims)
I would like to P/NC life and take it over again.
I would like to suggest that you not use speed, and here's why: it is going to mess up your heart, mess up your liver, your kidneys, rot out your mind. In general this drug will make you just like your mother and father. -- Frank Zappa
I would like to take this opportunity to completely reject modern probability theory. as it turns out, the calculation above is totally incorrect, and it threatens our free thought process almost as much as the phrase "whoppertunity". furthermore, it only increases our dependance on university, computers, and _the_man_. on that note, see the amazingly simple calculation below for the probability of a group of any size with two people with the same birthday: for n people, the probability is n/(n*2), or 1/2. or simply put, it either is or isnt. just think! you have *even odds* at winning the lottery! or getting preganat! or that at any given moment, millions of volts of electricity will come coursing through your keybo-- -- Chris Heiser
I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence. -- William F. Buckley, Jr.
I would like to thank the Academy, even though this is an Emmy. -- Howard Stern
I would like to try to persuade you not to write this book. Two previous posts have already cited examples of people who would kill for such a book, and I simply cannot condone the violence that such a book's release might ensue. -- Sam Kass
I would like, do homework and stuff, for your love. -- Butt-head
I would love to beat you up, but I have a problem with cruelty to animals.
I would love to get a second Ph.D. or an M.D. so I can proclaim myself a PARADOX.
I would love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
I would love to go out with you, but I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist..
I would love to go out with you, but I have some really hard words to look up.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to fulfill my potential.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to go door-to-door collecting static cling.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to rotate my crops.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and clean the mirrors on my ceiling.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and floss my cat.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
I would love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and vacuum my cat.
I would love to go out with you, but I must stay home and work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
I would love to go out with you, but I need to spend more time with my blender.
I would love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y'.
I would love to go out with you, but I prefer to remain an enigma.
I would love to go out with you, but I promised to help my friend fold roadmaps.
I would love to go out with you, but I think you want the OTHER Luke.
I would love to go out with you, but I want to spend more time with my blender.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm trying to be less popular.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
I would love to go out with you, but I'm uncomfortable when I'm alone or with others.
I would love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I would love to go out with you, but I've dedicated my life to linguine.
I would love to go out with you, but I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
I would love to go out with you, but it wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
I would love to go out with you, but it's my night to groom the hamster.
I would love to go out with you, but it's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish.
I would love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night.
I would love to go out with you, but it's too close to the turn of the century.
I would love to go out with you, but my crayons all melted together.
I would love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I would love to go out with you, but my patent is pending.
I would love to go out with you, but none of my socks match.
I would love to go out with you, but the last time I went out I never came back.
I would love to go out with you, but the man on TV told me to stay tuned.
I would love to go out with you, but there are important world issues that need worrying about.
I would love to go out with you, but there's a disturbance in the Force.
I would love to go out with you, but you know how we psychos are.
I would love to speak a foreign language but I can't. So I grew hair under my arms instead. -- Sue Kolinsky
I would never go near lovers' lane... it's too dangerous. -- Gerald (age 6)
I would never have made a good bird. I can't fly.
I would never propose to Bob, just because your ego would take a beating even if he said yes. He'd probably just say something like, "yeah, why not?" How romantic. -- Megan Coughlin
I would not become a member of a club or organization, that would have me as one of its members -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I would not breed from this officer.
I would not cross the road to piss on him if he was on fire. -- Nici Sterling
I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time. -- Jack London
I would rather be governed by the first two thousand names in the Cambridge telephone directory than by the faculty of Harvard. -- William F. Buckley
I would rather be in a coma...
I would rather be rich than stupid. -- Jack Handey
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper. -- Kim Alexis
I would rather have friendly enemies than inimical friends...
I would rather not have a monument and have people ask why than have one and have people ask why.
I would rather starve than eat your bread. -- Pearl Jam
I would rather suffer defeat than have cause to be ashamed of victory. -- Quintus Curtius
I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason. -- Stanley Baldwin
I would sooner be notorious than unknown.
I would sooner live in a society governed by the first two thousand names in the Boston telephone directory than in a society governed by the two thousand faculty members of Harvard University. -- William F. Buckley, Jr.
I would stay and talk about indecisiveness, but I changed my mind.
I would swallow my pride, I would choke on the rhines, but the lack thereof would leave me empty inside. I would swallow my doubt, turn it inside out, find nothing but faith in nothing. Want to put my tender heart in a blender, watch it spin round to a beautiful oblivion. Rendezvous then I'm through with you. -- Eve 6 (Inside Out)
I would that my horse had the speed of your tongue! -- Much Ado About Nothing
I would use trial-and-error but that always turns into trial-and-renistall-windows for me. -- Marc Popetz
I wouldn't **** her with a stolen ****. -- George Carlin
I wouldn't *be* paranoid if everyone didn't pick on me.
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac.
I wouldn't be paranoid if everyone didn't pick on me.
I wouldn't have thought of this given near infinite time to think. -- John Dobbin
I wouldn't have turned out the way I was if I didn't have all those old-fashioned values to rebel against. -- Madonna
I wouldn't know a video compression algorithm if one tango'ed me.
I wouldn't lick a German if he was covered in honey. -- Blackadder IV
I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that scares the shit out of me. -- R. Geis
I wouldn't mind dying. It's that business of having to stay dead that scares the **** out of me. -- R. Geis
I wouldn't object to my wife having the last word; if only she'd get to it. -- Henny Youngman
I wouldn't recommend it as a movie, but it's valuable as an example of the advancing state-of-the-art in "dissolving vampire" technology. -- Greg Plesur
I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs or insanity for everyone, but they've always worked for me. -- Hunter S. Thompson
I wouldn't shoot him if I were you. It will just make him mad.
I wouldn't touch the Metric System with a 3.048m pole.
I write one page of masterpiece to ninety one pages of shit. I try to put the shit in the wastebasket. -- Ernest Hemingway
I write this book not for the moment, but for all time. -- Joel Franklin
I wrote a song, but I can't read music. Every time I hear a new song on the radio, I think "Hey, maybe I wrote that." -- Steven Wright
I wrote a story about my mother. It was called the Castrating Zionist. -- Woody Allen
I wrote my first program in 1954, and that didn't work either.
I wrote my own benchmark, my machine is now 500MHz
I Xeroxed a mirror. Now I have an extra xerox machine. -- Steven Wright
I Xeroxed my watch. Now I have time to spare.
I! Finally! Figured! Out! How! To! Punctuate! Kirk's! Sentences!
I, (state your name), agree that the next time I, (state your name), get an idea for making a movie or writing a book or singing a song about Generation X which describes people sitting around and doing nothing more than talking to each other about how hard it is to find a good job or a good mate, I, (state your name), will, voluntarily and without reservation, slit my own throat and laugh uncontrollably as the blood flows from my body. -- Mr. Cranky
I, of course, never did anything wrong. Except maybe that four-way-stop. And a couple of other things. Maybe. -- Michelle Morrell
I, on the other hand, have had just about all the discomfort I can stand for a day. -- Mallrats
I, too, saw Contact this weekend, and I quite enjoyed it (although, as with Hamlet, I wished I had one of those doughnut-shaped pillows with me). -- Megan Coughlin
I... HATE this place... this... zoo, this prison, this... reality, whatever you want to call it. -- Agent Smith (The Matrix)
I... hate... this internet, this world-wide-web, whatever you want to call it... It's the porn pop-ups! I feel... saturated by them. And every time I surf the web I fear that I have somehow become an S&M fanatic. -- Agent Smith (cr0bar's The Matrix)
I.D.I.C. (Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations) - a Vulcan's deepest belief that beauty, growth, and progress all result from the union of the unlike; and the glory of creation is in its infinite diversity and in the way our differences combine to differences combine to create meaning and beauty. -- Newton Lee
I.R.S.: We've got what it takes to take what you've got!
I/O Device, n.: Note you sign for the bank in/order to get loan for new (old) car
I'd also like to say that I'm sick of hearing about guns. Guns guns guns. Will you people get some sex or something? -- Paul Mazaitis
I'd argue that Presidential sex partners who weren't complete morons could have avoided this whole thing. -- John Dobbin
I'd ask you (if you don't mind) to kiss you a hundred times, if I wasn't shy. -- They Might Be Giants
I'd be glad to jump on the "seven quotes" bandwagon. Unfortunately, all seven of my quotes would consist of the word "Fuck!" And they'd all be from the last five minutes, and they'd all be about my computer. -- Jody Prival
I'd be partial to the "give up, pretend to go completely psycho, and feed her some line about faded jeans to try and cover your ass while you walk out the door firing your fully automatic weapon" technique. but that's just my opinion, and when did you ever listen to me. -- Sarah Esser
I'd eat you up if I thought you were edible. -- Screeching Weasel
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
I'd explain it, but there's a lot of math. -- Calvin
i'd feel sorry for you if you weren't grossly overpaid. -- Geoff Spear
I'd forget my balls if they didn't come in a bag.
I'd get better grades if I weren't ashamed of my parents' driving.
I'd get more sense out of a squashed hedgehog. -- Rimmer (Red Dwarf)
I'd give $1000 to be a millionaire. -- Lewis Timberlake
I'd give it about a 58. It's hell to dance to, but the lyrics are great. -- Golden Years
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd give up drugs, but it's like kissing God. -- Lenny Bruce
I'd hate to think we're seriously hampering the productivity of America. But, on the other hand, what the heck! -- Les Crane (computer game magnate, in "Time")
I'd have to be awfully mad at my penis to do it with you, lady.
I'd have to guess the noise your dryer makes when you decide to wash your tennis shoes. -- Megan Coughlin
I'd hesitate to accuse anyone of being outright *corrupt*, but I'll admit that I'm probably not going to expect a hard, searching look at all things Microsoft from magazines with names like "Windows Sources" and "Windows Computing" ("NT 5.0: The crashproof Windows you've been waiting for!" Shyeah, right. 'This time for sure.'). When you have the name of a company's product in your *title*, and every other product you review requires that company's product in order to be useful, you probably don't need to do a spectrographic analysis to figure out which side your bread's buttered on. All of the above notwithstanding, Ziff-Davis as a corporate entity is so far down Bill's pants that they need to run a pressurized air hose down there just to breathe. -- Dan Martinez
I'd hold my breath, but I'd rather you hold yours. -- Greg Plesur
I'd insult you, but you're not bright enough to notice.
I'd just as soon kiss a wookie! -- The Empire Strikes Back
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
i'd just like to explain how i want everyone to just fuck off. thank you. -- Jon Slenk
I'd just like to take this moment to point out that C has all the expressive power of two dixie cups and a string. -- Jamie Zawinski
I'd like 100 condoms and a bottle of Gatorade, to go.
I'd like a large bowl of angst with a side order of frustration, no catsup. -- Dmitri Schoeman
I'd like a security system that fills the car with... tuna? -- Vince Farquharson
I'd like the chef salad please with oil and vinegar on the side, and the apple pie a la mode. But I'd like the pie heated, and I don't want the ice cream on top. I want it on the side, and I'd like strawberry instead of vanilla if you have it. If not, then no ice cream, just whipped cream, but only if it's real. If it's out of the can, then nothing. -- When Harry Met Sally
I'd like the chef salad please with the oil and vinegar on the side and the apple pie a la mode. -- When Harry Met Sally
I'd like to be under the sea, in an octopusses garden, in the shade...
I'd like to draw the line between eroticism and pornography.
I'd like to find whoever said suffering was good for the soul and nail his eyes to a board. -- David Swim
I'd like to find your inner child and kick its little ass! Get over it. -- Eagles
I'd like to give people access to Megan's soundtrack, too. I always have music running through my head. Might be fun to let people listen to my mental radio station. -- Megan Coughlin
I'd like to have plates corresponding to The One With Me (pipe dream), but I think having TOW ME all over the car is just inviting trouble.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
I'd like to live like a poor person with lots of money.
I'd like to make a motion that we face reality. -- Bob Newhart
I'd like to make you writhe. But that's your natural mode of travel anyway.
I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on now.
I'd like to see a nature film where an eagle swoops down and pulls a fish out of a lake, and then maybe he's flying along, low to the ground, and the fish pulls a worm out of the ground. Now that's a documentary. -- Jack Handey
I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes, I bet you can really see it in those genitals. -- Jack Handey
I'd look good on you. (Pick up line)
I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat.
I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y.'
I'd love to go out with you, but I want to spend more time with my blender.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never came back.
I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay tuned.
I'd love to go out with you, but there are important world issues that need worrying about.
I'd love to see what could be done if someone reincarnated OpenDoc in the spirit of NXBundles... -- Ernest Prabhakar
I'd love to, but having fun gives me prickly heat.
I'd love to, but I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
I'd love to, but I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
I'd love to, but I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
I'd love to, but I feel a song coming on.
I'd love to, but I have some real hard words to look up in the dictionary.
I'd love to, but I have to answer all of my occupant letters.
I'd love to, but I have to be on the next train to Bermuda.
I'd love to, but I have to bleach my hare.
I'd love to, but I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
I'd love to, but I have to draw Cubby for an art scholarship.
I'd love to, but I have to floss my cat.
I'd love to, but I have to fluff my shower cap.
I'd love to, but I have to fulfill my potential.
I'd love to, but I have to go to court for kitty littering.
I'd love to, but I have to go to the post office to see if I'm still wanted.
I'd love to, but I have to jog my memory.
I'd love to, but I have to knit some dust bunnies for a charity bazaar.
I'd love to, but I have to rotate my crops.
I'd love to, but I have to sit up with a sick ant.
I'd love to, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
I'd love to, but I have to study for a blood test.
I'd love to, but I have to thaw some karate chops for dinner.
I'd love to, but I have to wash/condition/perm/curl/tease/torment my hair.
I'd love to, but I have too much guilt.
I'd love to, but I left my body in my other clothes.
I'd love to, but I made an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
I'd love to, but I never go out on days that end in Y.
I'd love to, but I prefer to remain an enigma.
I'd love to, but I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
I'd love to, but I think you want the OTHER Luke.
I'd love to, but I want to spend more time with my blender.
I'd love to, but I'll be looking for a parking space.
I'd love to, but I'm attending a perfume convention as guest sniffer.
I'd love to, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
I'd love to, but I'm being deported.
I'd love to, but I'm building a pig from a kit.
I'd love to, but I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
I'd love to, but I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
I'd love to, but I'm enrolled in aerobic scream therapy.
I'd love to, but I'm getting my overalls overhauled.
I'd love to, but I'm giving nuisance lessons at a convenience store.
I'd love to, but I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
I'd love to, but I'm going through cherry cheesecake withdrawal.
I'd love to, but I'm going to be old someday.
I'd love to, but I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
I'd love to, but I'm having all my plants neutered.
I'd love to, but I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
I'd love to, but I'm in training to be a household pest.
I'd love to, but I'm observing National Apathy Week.
I'd love to, but I'm planning to go downtown to try on gloves.
I'd love to, but I'm sandblasting my oven.
I'd love to, but I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
I'd love to, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.
I'd love to, but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'd love to, but I'm too young for that stuff.
I'd love to, but I'm touring China with a wok band.
I'd love to, but I'm trying to be less popular.
I'd love to, but I'm trying to cut down.
I'd love to, but I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
I'd love to, but I'm uncomfortable when I'm alone or with others.
I'd love to, but I'm up to my elbows in waxy buildup.
I'd love to, but I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
I'd love to, but I'm worried about my vertical hold.
I'd love to, but I'm writing a love letter to Richard Simmons.
I'd love to, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I'd love to, but I've been traded to Cincinnati.
I'd love to, but I've dedicated my life to linguini.
I'd love to, but I've got a Friends of Rutabaga meeting.
I'd love to, but It wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
I'd love to, but It's my parakeet's bowling night.
I'd love to, but it's too close to the turn of the century.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
I'd love to, but my crayons all melted together.
I'd love to, but my Dress For Obscurity class meets then.
I'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to, but my Millard Fillmore Fan Club meets then.
I'd love to, but my mother would never let me hear the end of it.
I'd love to, but my palm reader advised against it.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
I'd love to, but my plot to take over the world is thickening.
I'd love to, but my subconscious says no.
I'd love to, but my uncle escaped again.
I'd love to, but my yucca plant is feeling yucky.
I'd love to, but none of my socks match.
I'd love to, but people are blaming me for the Spanish-American War.
I'd love to, but the grunion are running.
I'd love to, but the last time I went, I never came back.
I'd love to, but the man on television told me to stay tuned.
I'd love to, but the President said he might drop in.
I'd love to, but there are important world issues that need worrying about.
I'd love to, but there's a disturbance in the Force.
I'd love to, but you know how we psychos are.
I'd make a good serial killer. I blend in well. -- John Dobbin
I'd mention Emacs's folded-editing modes, but you'd only get annoyed with me. -- Dan Martinez
I'd never heard of the Cocos Islands before (and I'm guessing this is the last I hear of them). Is it just me, or does 670 people in 14 square miles seem like it might be sort of crowded? -- John Dobbin
I'd only leave the house to get a mirror. -- Beavis
I'd pay to see it. But then I'd buy a computer with only one button too. -- John Dobbin
I'd put my two cents in, but I'm afraid they would tax me on it.
I'd rather be a well-tuned soul with a dysfunctional agent than a dysfunctional soul with a well-tuned agent! -- Henrik Frystyk Nielsen
I'd rather be famous than righteous or holy, any day. -- the Smiths
I'd rather be lucky than good any day. -- Alex Heublein
I'd rather be pissed off than pissed on.
I'd rather be twice-enlightened, personally. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
I'd rather be with an animal... -- Pearl Jam
I'd rather french kiss a skunk. -- Blackadder IV
I'd rather get a job selling my own organs. -- John Dobbin
I'd rather have a 3.5" hard one than a 5.25" floppy one.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy. -- WC Fields
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
I'd rather have a prehensile tail so that it can just reach out and curl around the coke while I hack so that I can slurp without removing my hands from the keyboard. -- Jon Bennett
I'd rather have Lockheed deliver the mail than ride around in a plane built by the post office.
I'd rather have my tongue beaten wafer-thin with a steak tenderizer. -- Blackadder IV
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints. -- Billy Joel
I'd rather laugh with the sinners, but I wanna do business with the saints. They seem like they'd be easy to screw over. -- John Dobbin
I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance. -- e.e. cummings
I'd rather live here, now, than at any other place and time in history. The future might be more interesting, though. I do think that there will be a grand reckoning in the end. -- Wayne Baisley
I'd rather pass a kidney stone than another night with you.
I'd rather people think I died than have them sitting around laughing at me. -- John Dobbin
I'd rather push a Ford than drive a Chevy.
I'd really forgotten how much her music can make me smile. -- John Dobbin
I'd really like to lay one across your teeth. -- Beverly
I'd really like to watch a soccer game right now. Shame I don't speak Spanish. -- John Dobbin
I'd right my right eye for a piece of that. Her yabos scoff at gravity. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I'd say I'm feeling a little under the weather, but considering Delaware's weather, I'd say I'm right on par. -- Angela Watson
I'd still like to play Russian Roulette. I'd like to play alone, but I think the correct term for that is SUICIDE. -- John Dobbin
I'd tell you more more, but you might blush.
I'll be back. -- Arnold Schwarzenegger (The Terminator)
I'll be bitterly disappointed if Martin doesn't come up with a way to quote this back at me, in whole or in part, at the most embarassing moment possible. -- Dan Martinez
I'll be happy to throw at you a dizzying array of truth blended with fiction to suit my whim. -- Barton
I'll be your dam guide. Take all the dam pictures you want. -- Vegas Vacation
I'll believe *that* when I see it. None of this Deep Blue v. Kasparov shit [...] A computer can run around doing all sorts of tricky sniper shit, but until it has the cajones to jump into the pit with nothing but a shotgun and start taunting the other players to come get it, it's still just a bunch of ones and zeros that need to be bitch-slapped.
I'll bet 100 bucks we won't have self-driving cars in 10 years. -- John Dobbin
I'll bet dimes to donuts The Chase opens in Minneapolis. -- John Dobbin
I'll bet there aren't too many people hooked on crack who can play the bag pipes. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
I'll bet with my net I can get those things yet! -- Dr. Seuss (The Cat in the Hat)
I'll bet you 50 bucks you can't stop gambling. -- Easy Money
I'll burn my books.
I'll buy that for a dollar!!
I'll buy that for a dollar
I'll concede that some e-mail massages are pretty useless. But what if Uma Thurman wants you to come to her house for midnight drinks and just happens to start the message with "thought you'd be interested"? -- Geoffrey James
I'll create a collection and create a file in the collection WITH AN EMBEDDED NEWLINE IN THE FILENAME AND WATCH ANDREW FALL ON ITS KNEES WHEN [THIS] CRAPPY ... CODE HITS IT. -- Rob Earhart
I'll eat anything that's BRIGHT BLUE!
I'll envy yours, if you'll envy mine. -- Top 5
I'll fedex you my Johnny Walker Single Malt ("Green Label"). -- Rohit Khare
I'll get the implanted cellphone. With an answering machine for when I'm out of my head. -- David Malcolm
I'll get you my pretty... and your little dog too!
I'll give you a definite maybe. -- Samuel Goldwyn
I'll go along with whatever you say... within reason. -- Robert Harley
I'll grant that New York bagels are superb. Locals claim it's because of the New York City water; it imparts some special flavor. I know what it is: Plutonium. In 1984 the Times reported that trace levels of plutonium had been found in local water; I was there that year, and remember the bagels as especially delicious. That's why DC bagels are inferior: they use flavors to cover up the use of substandard ingredients, like uranium." -- James Lileks
I'll grant the random access to my heart, Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love; And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove And in our bound partition never part. -- Stanislaw Lem (Cyberiad)
I'll have another bowl of cereal, please. -- Jane
I'll have one brain on drugs with bacon, toast and juice.
I'll have the plate of vomit. -- Alec Grossman
I'll have to try harder to not try so hard. -- Adam Rifkin
I'll have what she's having. -- When Harry Met Sally
I'll have what the guy in the casket had.
I'll have what the guy on the floor is having.
I'll have what the guy on the floor is having...
I'll heal your wounds, I'll set you free. I'm Jesus Christ on Ecstasy. -- Nine Inch Nails
I'll jump off that bridge when I come to it.
i'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD -- Kirstin Nickerson
I'll make it up as I go along. -- Indiana Jones
I'll make them take out the pizza part. -- Reality Bites
I'll make you a deal: Either I see you there... or I don't.... How's that sound? -- Ken Nagle
I'll mention you in my won't. -- Ari Rapkin
I'll nap on your couch, because those are just the type of guts I have. -- David Letterman
I'll never get off this planet.
I'll never wiggle my bare butt in public again. -- Homer Simpson
I'll panic if I bloody well want to
I'll pay you in caffene!... -- Faye Levine
I'll promote my unique conservative viewpoint that people are idiots who deserve to be mocked. -- Dogbert
I'll reek the benefits. -- David Farber
I'll rise and fall, let me take credit for both. -- Pearl Jam
I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob. That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood. -- Daffy Duck
I'll say it again for the logic-impaired. -- Larry Wall
I'll see that wow and raise you a zowee. -- Frasier
I'll see you in hell before I'd do that.
I'll see you, I'll call you, I'll raise you, but it's no cheap thrill. -- Suzanne Vega
I'll see your stone age and raise you an ivory tower. -- Martin Frankel
I'll send you something this evening at around 6, and then leave it to you to do this well. I am sure you will do a terrific job. -- Mani Chandy
I'll stir fry you in my wok. -- Beastie Boys
I'll supply the buns (mine and otherwise) and enough angst for 20. If there's call for any more, talk to Vince. He should be able to take up the slack. -- Mike Wallace
I'll take a little safe, boring consistency in life, thank you very much! -- Penguin Opus
I'll take Things I Don't Really Want to Know for $500, Alex. -- David Letterman (on President Clinton's admission that he usually wears briefs)
I'll tell ya, life aint easy for a boy named Sue
I'll tell you what the problem is with kids today. With your computers and your running water and your fancy-schmancy opposable thumbs...you have no appreciation for the sublime. -- Greg Plesur
I'll tell you, about 90% of doctors are idiots. I know; they're in my class. I'm really glad that I'll be able to regulate myself in a couple of years, because the more I know, the less confidence I have in other doctors. -- Brian Rifkin
I'll try anything once, and if it's really stupid, I'll try it again.
I'll try anything three or four times. It may be an acquired taste.
I'll turn over a new leaf. -- Miguel de Cervantes
I'm 25... and 13 months. -- Friends
I'm a analog man in a digital world.
I'm a brain in a vat. Are you one too?
I'm a closet discordian...a pantry subgenius... -- Lisa Kellner
I'm a clown. That's my sole mechanism of defense. Very few people will go out of their way to punish a clown.
I'm a consultant because I'd rather be self-unemployed.
I'm a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have evolved from man.
I'm a despot by disposition. -- Jubal Harshaw
I'm a figment of your imagination.
I'm a Ford not a Lincoln. -- Gerald Ford
I'm a glass is filled with turpentine kind of guy. -- John Dobbin
I'm a great housekeeper. I get divorced. I keep the house. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
I'm a great quitter. I come from a long line of quitters. I was raised to give up. -- George (Seinfeld)
I'm a Grimwold Warrior! -- Saga of the Viking Women and... you know
I'm a hero, I'm a zero, I'm the butt of the worst joke in history. -- Bad Religion
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I'm a human blanket. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
I'm a kinder, gentler Sam. -- Yosemite Sam
I'm a Leo. Leos don't believe in this astrology stuff. -- Tom Neff
I'm a LISP variable. Bind me.
I'm a little ashamed that I've been stockpiling food a little at a time. Not because I'm truly worried, but because there's just something cool about having lots of cans in the house. So if the world collapses, get in your cars and come see me. We'll frolic by day and eat spaghettios by night. It'll be fun. -- John Dobbin
I'm a loser and a user so I don't need no accuser to try and slag me down because I know I'm right. -- Green Day
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me? -- Beck
I'm a Lumberjack and I'm OK
I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK.
I'm a member of the rabble in good standing. -- Westbrook Pegler
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
I'm a nobody. Nobody is perfect. Therefore I'm perfect.
i'm a non-conformist too! -- Faisal Jawdat
I'm a nonpracticing virgin. -- Reality Bites
I'm a one-armed no-chin man. And I'm Crazy! Gimmee some candy! -- Adam Sandler
I'm a people person, you idiot. Like I care. -- Jay Leno
I'm a power-crazed psycopath - I don't WANT inner peace
I'm a pretty girl who's a model who doesn't suck as an actress. -- Cameron Diaz
I'm a sex object. I ask women for sex and they object. -- Johnny Chen
I'm a slow walker, but I never walk back. -- Abraham Lincoln
I'm a smart-ass, but I'm playing dumb. -- Green Day
I'm a stoney, crusty dude. I got a mop on top. -- Encino Man
I'm a theoretical computer scientist. A lot of people mistake me for a mathematician. Mathematicians never mistake me for a mathematician. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
I'm a typical celeb painter, I've got every single device you could want - watercolours, pencils, pens, special stool, everything - and I'm completely crap at it. -- Jools Holland
I'm a very habitual, but timorous, user of drugs. I think it's good for making notes, but not for the executive side of it. Good for ideas, but not for getting on with it. -- Martin Amis
I'm a white male, aged 18 to 49. Everyone listens to my ideas, no matter how dumb. -- Homer Simpson (grabbing for Nuts-n-Gum)
I'm a woman, and can't be taken for granted. Life's a bitch. Now so am I. -- Catwoman (Batman Returns)
I'm a workaholic who resisted a rest.
I'm actually wathcing country music tv, and they are actually broadcasting a video called Highway Patrol... that *praises* the chippies for keeping you driving slow. -- Rohit Khare
I'm addicted to placebos. I'd give them up, but it wouldn't make any difference. -- Steven Wright
I'm afraid of multiple choice when A and B and C and D are true. -- Fleming and John
I'm afraid someone will shoot Barney on stage. I'm really afraid someone will beat me to it. -- Frank Tinsman
I'm afraid this is the way we judge everything these days. We think we are entitled to an opinion about everything whether we know anything about it or not. -- Charles Osgood
I'm afraid you have more of a problem than I anticipated. Your battery needs a new car.
I'm afraid your sandwhich, however, didn't make it... (burp)... -- Paolo Sivilotti
I'm against any law that I wouldn't break if I could get away with it. -- A. Whitney Brown
I'm all ears, hooman -- DaiMon Perot
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
I'm all for desullifying premarital sex. In return for this, I'm willing to make eating breakfast a sin. Deal? -- John Dobbin
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters. -- Solomon Short
I'm almost as wordy as Adam, though my prose is less purple... -- Berna Massingill
I'm aloof, I like to run around outside, but I also like to curl up in warm spots. I eat fish. -- Megan Coughlin on why she'd make a good cat
I'm always glad to see any young person doing anything. -- Slacker
I'm always right. I'm Republican. -- John Dobbin
I'm always thinking twice before I say something stupid. -- Loesje
I'm an absolute, off-the-wall fanatical moderate.
I'm an agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac. I sit up all night wondering if Dog exists.
I'm an antiartist. I like to destroy other peoples' artwork. -- Slacker
I'm an economic disaster. My hair is in recession, my waist is in inflation, and they're both putting me in a deep depression.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way. -- Carl Sandburg
I'm an incorrigible punster, so don't incorrige me!
I'm an influential person, gravitationally speaking.
I'm an occupational hazard. -- Richard Kinsey
I'm anonymous. Help me.
I'm archiving my mail to floppies today. Did you know there is over 25 meg of crap from you here? Don't we have lives? -- John Dobbin
I'm as bored as a pacifist's pistol.
I'm as confused as a baby at a topless bar
I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar.
I'm assuming that time is going the WRONG way. It all makes more sense if time actually flows backwards. I'll have to make you read Red Dwarf... -- Joe Kiniry
I'm astounded by people who want to "know" the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. -- Woody Allen
I'm at home, admiring one of the high points of Western Civilization, Spring Break Grind and Get Next To Jenny :-) -- Rohit Khare
I'm at that awkward age. -- John Dobbin
I'm at the corner of Walk and Don't Walk.
I'm at the corner of Walk and Don't Walk...
i'm at work, sybaseing. It's kinda like freebasing, but not. -- Fleur Dragan
I'm Audi 5000. -- Reality Bites
I'm banking on the fact that this [bound] is *really* small. Don't try this -- kids, don't try this at home -- unless your first bound is really small. -- David Haussler
I'm becoming addicted to happiness.
I'm beginning to think IRIX isn't written in C at all. It's written in "preprocessor". That, and "make". -- Martin Frankel
I'm Ben Small. Of the Coney Island Smalls. -- When Harry Met Sally
I'm better than I was before, and I was the best *then*.
I'm Beverly...,I'm Geordi...,We are Hugh...
I'm bitching about having to use 640x480 "blind mans resolution" (tm) and he says, "yeah, I know, that is what I have to use at Microsoft." -- Tim Byars
I'm black history. -- Theron T. Jackson (leaving)
I'm bloody sick of standing here every day. -- O'Brien
I'm blowing off steam with methamphetamine. And it's all that I want, and it's all that I got, and I'm picking scabs off my face. -- Green Day
I'm Bugs Bunny of Borg. What's up Collective?
I'm building the world's largest palindrome and I'm almost half-way done.
I'm busy. You're ugly. Have a nice day.
I'm chatting with <name> on IRC right now. Define hell again for me? -- John Dobbin
I'm coming back in the next life as a toilet brush. -- Friends
I'm criticized by Christians for not being born Again! Well, pardon me for getting it right the first time. -- Dennis Miller
I'm cutting boy, but you aint bleeding -- Foghorn Leghorn
I'm dangerous when I know what I'm doing.
I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it. -- Garry Shandling
I'm dead now. Please don't smoke. -- Yul Brenner (live via commercial)
I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.
I'm depressed ... It's a cheap way to show yourself a bad time. -- Joshua Schachter
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets. -- Dave Edison
I'm due back on the planet Earth now. -- Woody Allen
I'm easy to please as long as I get my way.
I'm encouraging the rest of you to develop my somewhat erratic mental filing system. It's all part of the master plan. I teach you, you teach others. Consider yourselves my disciples. -- John Dobbin
I'm examining the major Western religions. I'm looking for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a short initiation period.
I'm fading as fast as my jeans. -- Soul Asylum
I'm fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact.
I'm fascinated with everything. Especially breast cancer. -- Steven Badelt
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in. -- George McGovern
I'm feeling a little disgruntled this morning. You want I should come in?
I'm feeling argumentative. Please contradict me.
I'm feeling just great.
I'm feeling much more depressed now, thank you. I can take comfort in the fact, however, that my very expensive and impractical car can corner like a mother-fucker, though. -- Chris Nelson
I'm feeling really good. -- Gamera vs. Guiron
I'm feeling slightly less existentially despondent. -- Chris Grimes
I'm finding out what happens when spit hits the fan. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
I'm firm. You're obstinate. He's a pigheaded fool.
I'm flexible... just don't change anything.
I'm for freedom and for pleasure. Nothing ever lasts forever. Everybody wants to rule the world. -- Tears for Fears
I'm for lust.
I'm for prayer in school... right before any big test.
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against. -- The Autobiography of Malcolm X
i'm fully convinced that the two best tools for writing code are purify and a case of guinness. (well, not really; it seems like good quotefile fodder, though. actually, i wouldn't be surprised if this made it in, too.) -- Rob Earhart
I'm gargling at the fountain of knowledge.
I'm gargling the ethical solution.
I'm generously assuming the guy was on E. If that was his normal personality, I hate him even more. -- Rob Earhart
I'm getting on my nerves. -- Thanh Boyer
I'm getting too old for this. -- Lethal Weapon
I'm getting verklempt. Talk amongst yourselves. I'll give you a topic. -- Mike Myers
I'm glad cavepeople didn't invent television, because they would have just sat around and watched talk shows all day instead of creating tools. -- Dave James",
I'm glad that ignorance is such bliss.
I'm glad they are a snowman with protective rubber skin. -- They Might Be Giants
I'm going for good story balance, where all of the characters interplay on an equal basis, and the story line is carefully ribboned through the interplay in order to create yet another level of balance that will enhance the total structure. "Screw balance, this is an episode." -- Al Martinez
I'm going to be a rebel and wear Birkenstocks and be a vegetarian and join Greenpeace. Just like Mom and Dad.
I'm going to be having burger dreams all night. I'll be lucky if I don't eat my pillow. -- Joe Barrera
i'm going to DESTROY YOU ALL!!!!! ahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -- Yerin Kay
I'm going to Disneyland... in 63 years. -- Mike Tyson
I'm going to Euro-Disney! -- Jim Kelly (after losing 4th straight Superbowl)
I'm going to fix this thing if it kills you. -- Michael Hodous
I'm going to give you such a pinch! -- Joe Besser
I'm going to go into a corner and sulk uncontrolably because on my planet EVERYBODY SULKS!!! 24 FUCKING HOURS A DAY!!!! 365 DAYS A YEAR!!! ITS NON-STOP SULKAMANIA!!! IN PANORAMIC SULK-O-VISION!!! LIVE IT!!! LOVE IT!!! SULK IT!!! OR GET STUFFED!!!!!!!!! then we go out for sushi and genocide. -- Chris Rapier
I'm going to have fascicles of about 128 pages coming out twice a year. -- Donald E. Knuth
I'm going to hell no doubt about it. Eat anything edible, smoke (not just cigs), drink like a fish (caffeine also), and one tyme i ripped out a blank page of a gideons bible to roll a joint... -- Bobby Malone
I'm going to k-k-k-k-k-k-kill you K-k-k-k-k-k-ken
I'm going to kill you! Why? Because you're going to die! -- various James Bond movies
I'm going to make emacs be my X11 window manager or die trying. -- Jon Ferro
I'm going to recite the three stages of the Hegelian dialectic, and then you are coming with me. -- Northern Exposure
I'm going to start making people pay me for forcing them to listen to their idiot opinions. -- Dogbert
I'm going to the Missing Persons Bureau to see if anyone is looking for me.
i'm going to write a children's book, all about you, and call it _The Good Weasel_. it'll be an inspiration to youth everywhere. -- Aleecia McDonald
I'm gonna get luddite on your ass! -- Sam Greenfield
I'm gonna have to spit to get the taste out of my mouth. -- Scott Adams
I'm gonna make some blue muffins for breakfast. -- Thanh Boyer
I'm gonna miss being disreputable. -- Mission Impossible
I'm gonna play my sperm card ONE more time. -- Friends
I'm gonna plead insanity, what about you?
I'm growing older but not up. -- Jimmy Buffett
I'm half man and half dog. I'm my own best friend. -- Spaceballs
I'm happy enough just to look at the man. -- Megan Coughlin on Harry Belafonte
I'm happy, but it's not like I'm ecstatic. -- Calvin
I'm having a party in my pants. Want to come?
I'm having amnesia and deja-vu at the same time. I think I've forgotten this before. -- Steven Wright
i'm having FUN! well, in a random disgusting kinda way, but all good fun is disgusting. -- Geoff Spear
I'm here listening to the announcers explain why I should keep watching a game where the Bulls are leading the Hornets by 39 before halftime. Yeah, like this might turn into a good game. -- John Dobbin
I'm here to give you a whole bunch of bad suggestions. -- John Dobbin
I'm here to tell you three things: 1. It all happened more or less by accident. 2. The people who made it happen were amateurs. 3. And for the most part they still are. -- Robert X. Cringely
I'm holding out for Keanu Reaves as a brilliant physicist. This is Bill (or is it Ted?) from Bill and Ted dammit, he can't be brilliant. He also can't be buddah. I nearly laughed myself silly over that one. -- John Dobbin
I'm homesick for the home I've never had. -- Soul Asylum
I'm hoping for a weekend in the Hamptons or a PowerBook or $500. But I'll probably settle for a free hat. -- Megan Coughlin
I'm huge! -- Cave Dwellers
I'm hung like planet Pluto, hard to see with the naked eye, but if I crashed into Uranus I would stick it where the sun don't shine. -- Bloodhound Gang
I'm hysterical, and I'm wet, and I'm in pain! -- The Producers
I'm immortal... so far.
I'm in charge here. -- Al Haig
I'm in here, I'm climbing the walls, meanwhile I'm dating a virgin, I'm in this contest, I'm not getting any sleep... something's gotta give! -- Seinfeld
I'm in love with a girl who doesn't even know I'm alive. She's thinks she got me with her long range rifle, but she missed. -- Jonathan Colan
I'm in love with Susy...&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;&#03;
I'm in my seventies. What could she possibly see in me. Is she into necrophilia or something? -- Dirk Bogarde (on Madonna's request to include him in her book Sex)
I'm in Pittsburgh. Why am I here? -- Harold Urey (Nobel Laureate)
I'm in psychoville, and Finkle's the mayor. -- Ace Ventura
I'm in search of myself. Have you seen me anywhere?
I'm in shape ... Rounds a shape isn't it?
I'm in the chicken. (kitchen?) -- Thanh Boyer
I'm in the mood to multiply. -- David Letterman
I'm in the Olympic Lovemaking competition, and I've nailed the compulsories. -- When Harry Met Sally
I'm in the recovery stage, but I still hock up loogies like they're going out of style. -- Adam Rifkin
I'm joking 75% of the time in person, but only 25% of the time on the computer. I think richard is the probably 50% in person and 25% on the computer. Whereas I would rate Adam as joking 95% of the time in person and 50% on the computer. -- Steve Bondi
I'm just a crossdressing alcoholic neoNazi porno star as you may have guessed. -- Weird Al Yankovic
I'm just a peripheral visionary.
I'm just a person trapped inside a woman's body. -- Elaine Boosler
I'm just an anorexic codependent bingo addict stripper born without a chin. -- Weird Al Yankovic
I'm just gonna go by two words in life: makeup and mockery... -- Tara Morrison
I'm just here for moral support. Ignore the gun.
I'm just like Hamlet! Except, well, i'm not a prince. And my uncle didn't kill my father and marry my mother. Oh, and my girlfriend didn't drown herself in a river because I pretended like I never loved her. And I haven't died of poison. well at least, not yet. But the moody depression thing, I got that down COLD, jack. -- David Swim
I'm just looking at your name tag, honest!
I'm just not happy? Nobody's happy, folks. Whining fricking maggots. -- Denis Leary
I'm just saying it's easier to kill a cat than dispose of a car. -- John Dobbin
I'm just sitting here basking in the glow of my socks. -- Christy Regenhardt
I'm just sitting here peacefully, deep in thought, when all of a sudden I look to my right and there's a big dog sitting there staring at me. Scared the hell out of me. Dogs this big shouldn't be able to sneak around so well. -- John Dobbin
I'm just sliding down the razor blade of life. -- Tom Lehrer
I'm just trying to plan my day. -- Playing God
I'm just visiting this planet.
I'm just your average schizophrenic nymphomaniac albino from a monastery. -- Weird Al Yankovic
I'm kind of partial to Wonka Whistle, myself. This is lewd, but: New Kids on the Grandmother. -- Megan Coughlin contemplates rock band names
i'm late ... i'm late ... for a very important ... MIDTERM ... FUCK -- Bethany Jozwiak
I'm learning real skills that I can apply throughout the rest of my life... procrastinating and rationalizing. -- Calvin
I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
I'm like a bad penny. I always turn up. -- Indiana Jones
i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. -- e. e. cummings
I'm Lolita and this here's Tanqueray. -- Beavis and Butt-head
I'm looking back now at where I have gone wrong, and why I could not seem to get along. -- Green Day
I'm looking for a boyfriend who is sensitive and caring. Unfortunately, they all have boyfriends already.
I'm looking for a paper to bring home so I can sleep with a clear conscience, knowing that I _intended_ to read it tonight... -- Robert Harley
I'm looking for Mr. Dover, first name Ben.
I'm looking over a three leaf clover that I overlooked be three... -- Bugs Bunny
I'm losin' it -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
I'm losing the only person who listens to me, and you only listen to me partially. -- Jerry Maguire
I'm lost, but I'm still making pretty good time
I'm lying on my back now, the stars look all too near, flowers on the razor wire, I know you're here. -- Andrew Eldritch
I'm lying... I always lie.
I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore
I'm mad at you because you were someone else.
I'm made of liquid metal. -- T2
I'm making a career of evil.
I'm making a home movie called The Thing That Grew in My Refrigerator.
I'm Marilyn Mansonite Zero! I'm SSOOOSOo Energetically moody. -- Kristiina Wilson
I'm Mephistopheles, Prince of Darkness! When I start to harass you, you'll know it! -- Jon Lovitz
I'm mooning you now, you just can't see me.
I'm more humble than you are
I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes...
I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind their backs. -- Seinfeld
I'm much too young to feel this damned old
I'm naturally paranoid. I come from Russian-Jewish stock, so I have a complete sense of persecution at all times. -- Gavin Rossdale
I'm neither for, nor against apathy
I'm Network Spice. -- Cameo Wood
I'm never silly looking, I'm gothic! -- Christy Regenhardt
I'm next in line. I'm not going to gargle with that water after she sticks her butt in it.
I'm no stranger, just a friend you haven't met...
I'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing.
I'm not a complete idiot..several parts are missing.
I'm not a complete idiot; some parts are missing!
I'm not a crook; I'm ethically challenged.
I'm not a doctor, but I play one in D.C. -- Hillary Clinton
I'm not a freak, I'm a prototype.
I'm not a geek. I'm a unique weasel. (weasel noises) -- Encino Man
I'm not a god... I've just been misquoted. -- Lister (Red Dwarf)
I'm not a minority. I'm an outnumbered majority
I'm not a NetGod. I _am_ the Net. -- James "Kibo" Parry
I'm not a Pepper? -- Reality Bites
I'm not a pirate! It so happens that I am a lawyer. -- Hook
I'm not a real sysop, I just play one on TV.
I'm not a very good American, because I like to form my own opinions. -- George Carlin
I'm not a witch doctor-- I'm only a folk medic.
I'm not Adam. -- Robert Harley
I'm not afraid of heights. I'm afraid of widths. -- Steven Wright
I'm not AGAINST naked girls. At least, not as often as I'd like to be. -- Benny Hill
I'm not always going to be 14. Hopefully, when I turn 24, they'll say, 'She's still good.' -- LeAnn Rimes
I'm not an actor, but I play one on TV.
I'm not an agent. I just write books for the CIA. -- The Hunt for Red October
I'm not an inside trader. I'm an outside traitor. -- John Dobbin
I'm not arrogant, I'm RIGHT
I'm not as dumb as you look.
I'm not as thunk as you drink I am.
I'm not as young as I used to be... But I'm sure not as old as I'm going to be! -- Dik Browne
I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way. -- Jessica Rabbit
I'm not Bajoran. Sisko punched me in the nose. -- Kira
I'm not bitter, I'm evil. -- Andrea Jones
I'm not bitter, just annoyed with the world. -- Richard Goodman
I'm not bitter. I'm just consumed by a gnawing hate at my gut till I can taste the bile in my mouth. -- Peter Folk
I'm not black like Barry White, no I am white like Frank Black is. So if man is 5 and the devil is 6, then that must make me 7; this honky's gone to heaven. -- Bloodhound Gang
I'm not born again! Mom got it right the first time!
I'm not breaking the rules. I'm merely testing their elasticity.
I'm not broke, I'm just badly bent.
I'm not busy because it's a nice day. Why ruin it? -- Pooh
I'm not calling him a mouse potato or anything, but he's a regular Joe six-chip.
I'm not cheap, you know. Loud, but never cheap. -- The Crying Game
I'm not claiming to any moral high ground. Sometimes, I make grilled cheese sandwiches with velveeta for dinner. -- Jonathan Hardwick
I'm not conceited, I'm bitter. -- Fleur Dragan
I'm not confused, I'm just well-mixed.
I'm not cynical. Just experienced.
I'm not dead yet I think I'll go for a walk.
I'm not dead, I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not dead. I'm electroencephelographically challenged.
I'm not dead; I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not drunk so long as I can hold on to one blade of grass and not fall off the earth.
I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information. -- Calvin
I'm not entirely sure I want to hear marmalade anecdotes. -- John Dobbin
I'm not even going to dignify that with a response. Oops. -- Tripp Lilley
I'm not even going to ignore that.
I'm not even supposed to be here today! -- Dante's Lament (Clerks)
I'm not even sure if I've just been insulted. -- Ken Nagle
I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I think I want to be there when it happens. -- Friends
I'm not fat, just horizontally disproportionate.
I'm not gay. But then again, I didn't used to like asparagus either. -- Kids in the Hall
I'm not getting older, I'm just getting bitter. -- Caroline in the City
I'm not going deaf. I'm ignoring you.
I'm not going to beat a dead horse to death. -- David Farber
I'm not going to give you the pleasure of groaning... what message was the proximate cause of this anti-cluon emission? -- Rohit Khare
I'm not going to say anything about Y2K bugs. I suspect that their effects in North America will resemble the normal operation of most Microsoft software. -- Dayv
I'm not gonna miss what's probably gonna be the social event of the season. -- Clerks
I'm not growing up. I'm just burning out. -- Green Day
i'm not here to help--i'm here to torment under the guise of helping. -- Rick Romero
I'm not homophobic, I'm just intolerant.
I'm not imaginary. I'm ontologically challenged.
I'm not in marketting - Nobuko's in marketting. I'm a peon engineer whose printer code doesn't work... -- Sean Simmons
I'm not intending to imply insult or judgement here but I am curious to know in order to be able to respond to your posts in an appropiate manner, so please forgive what appears to be, but in fact is not intended as, an insulting question: Are you stupid? -- Melinda Shore
I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain, no pain. -- Carol Leifer
I'm not just one of your snuggle-girls, Will. -- Beverly
I'm not laughing at you, I'm laughing near you.
I'm not loafing. I work so fast I'm always finished.
I'm not lost I'm locationally challenged.
I'm not lost, but I don't know where I am.
I'm not lost, I'm "locationally challenged."
I'm not lost... I'm locationally challenged.
I'm not nearly as think as you confused I am.
I'm not on drugs. I am drugs.
I'm not one OF a billion, I'm one IN a billion... -- Rohit Khare
I'm not only fat but I'm drunk and I like to go to the movies. -- Jennifer Crown
I'm not only living in the past, I'm still paying for it.
I'm not opinionated, I'm just always right
I'm not overfurnished in the brain department. -- Blackadder IV
I'm not panicking. I'm watching you panic. It's much more entertaining.
I'm not paranoid Which of my enemies told you that?
I'm not part of your elite, I'm just all right. -- Billie Joe
I'm not picking up random net chicks, I'm picking up perfectly deterministic net chicks. -- Richard Bullington
I'm not prejudiced. I hate everyone equally.
I'm not ready for the commitment of a pretend marriage yet. -- Seinfeld
I'm not real smart, but I can lift heavy things.
I'm not rude, I'm "attitudinally challenged."
I'm not saying that you should sell something that isn't the truth, just that the inherent wisdom of your words may not be apperent to everyone. You can argue that it should be, but that will get you very nowhere, because these people come from a different planet then you do. -- Alex Crain
I'm not schizophrenic. It's this guy beside me
I'm not sexist, racist, elitist, temporalist or dimensionalist so I HAVE THE GOD GIVEN RIGHT TO DISLIKE PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE MY COGNITIVE CAPACITIES -- Kate Devitt
I'm not sexually active. I just lie there.
I'm not sick, but I'm not well. And I'm so hot, 'cause I'm in hell. -- Harvey Danger (Flagpole Sitta)
I'm not smart enough to lie. -- Ronald Reagan
I'm not sure about this, but I think if Saint Francis ever met Fred Phelps, the gentle spirit from Assisi would make an exception and beat him up. -- Paul Somerville
I'm not sure I want any part of a dinner involving Dick. -- John Dobbin
I'm not sure what caffeine does, but without it, I'm sure your head caves in!
I'm not sure what kind of career path one can look forward to as a nomadic city-vaporizing lunatic, but it's got to be worth a try. -- Dan Martinez
I'm not sure what this is, but an F would only dignify it.
I'm not sure what tickets cost, but this is soccer. Nothing ever costs very much. If you think you'd enjoy it (And why wouldn't you? Cute guys running around in shorts!) and can come then I'll pick you up a ticket. -- John Dobbin
i'm not sure when my feelings towards design turned from interest to hate. oh no wait, i AM. i guess that would be when i SOLD OUT. -- Kristiina Wilson
I'm not sure which upsets me more: that people are so unwilling to accept responsibility for their own actions, or that they are so eager to regulate everyone else's. -- Kee Hinckley
I'm not talking height, I'm talking mass - I mean, you've got boobs and shit which makes up for the height. -- Brian Sandusky
I'm not tense, just terribly A*L*E*R*T.
I'm not tense, just terribly ALERT.
I'm not that dumb! - oops... -- Fleur Dragan
I'm not the one that misplaced the Deltivid asteroid belt
I'm not the only dust my mother raised.
I'm not the slightest bit interested in smelling anything cats have to say, thanks very much. -- Rimmer (Red Dwarf)
I'm not trying to be an advocate of materialism. I'm trying to support a firm policy of "easy answers for difficult times." -- Greg Plesur
I'm not trying to pick you up. You're like too heavy. Huh huh huh huh. Get it? -- Butt-head
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am. It's jus the drunker I sit here the longa I get
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am. It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
I'm not wearing any underwear. Film at 11.
I'm not worried about being ignored, because I know in the long term ignoring me is unsustainable. -- Rohit Khare
I'm not your magazine. I'm not your television. -- REM
I'm obviously the James Joyce of computer programming. -- Rob Earhart
I'm of the opinion that everyone at this university, faculty and students alike, should be beaten at least once a year. -- Jeremy Abramsom
I'm often asked why I left politics and went to Halliburton, and I explain that I reached the point where I was mean-spirited, short-tempered and intolerant of those who disagreed with me and they said, 'Hell, you'd make a great C.E.O.,' so I went to Texas and joined the private sector. -- Dick Cheney
I'm on my deathbed. Actually, I'm at work so I guess I'm on my death-desk. -- Vince Farquharson
I'm on the centerline, right between two states of mind, looking for sensibility, armed with sense and liberty, finding the curves and lines of grand designs.
I'm on the corner of Walk and Don't Walk
I'm on the crest of a slump.
i'm on their payroll, but work usually consists of a) WAN-scale SQL db dumps that take 7.5hrs and don't work because the damned hardware is faulty, or b) cuddling up next to a proliant 5000 for a couple hours before eating too much ice-cream and passing out in the LAN closet. OTOH, their benefits kick ass. why, interested? -- Vince Farquharson
I'm one of those anti-social computer people. If they can't send me email, well, you know... -- Gabe Underwood (on women)
I'm only going to be on this earth for seventy or eighty years and, being an atheist, I really feel I should make the most of them.
I'm only here for the salad bar.
I'm only married in the eyes of the church. Mentally, I'm not married any more. In this building, I'm a different guy. -- Howard Stern
I'm only paranoid because everyone's against me.
I'm opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the same opportunity. -- Mark Twain
I'm out here on my own, and drifting all alone, if it doesn't show, give it time to read between the lines... -- Axl Rose
I'm out of bed and dressed. What more do you want?
I'm perfectly capable of being a grouch emeritus arguing priority claims in 2025. -- Rohit Khare
I'm philosophically opposed to grounding straps on the grounds that many powers originate with sparks of electricity. Sure, sparks are annoying, but there's a slippery slope; first grounding straps become acceptable, then people start avoiding catwalks spanning big vats of chemicals, then someone enacts legislation restricting radiation sources within population centers...do you see where I'm going here? Stop the madness. -- Greg Plesur
I'm pink, therefore I'm spam.
I'm practicing assertiveness. Do you think that's okay?
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm pretty cool Beavis, but I can't change the future. -- Butt-head
I'm pretty sure that all those Japanese tourist snapping pictures are really taking inventory.
I'm pretty sure that I'd take a pay cut to be 'Irredeemable Idiot,' as long as I'd get to have business cards. I bet the job comes with a cool hat, too. -- Greg Plesur
I'm pretty tired. Think I'll go home now. -- Forrest Gump
i'm probably not going to die anytime soon. too much paperwork. -- John Jantos
I'm proud of how many kids I've put through college... We have my dentist's kids, and of course my lawyer's kids...
I'm proud of paying taxes. The only thing is I could be just as proud for half the money. -- Arthur Godfrey
I'm quite sure the preceeding paragraph will be showing up at a future competency hearing. -- John Dobbin
I'm quitting my job at the FBI and going to Orchard school. Should I major in apples, pears, grapefruit, lemons or cherries? -- Steve Bondi
I'm quoting Green Day as if it somehow contains the secret of life. Here's a gun, just blow my mucking head off. Please? -- John Dobbin
I'm really bouncing with joy today.
I'm really enjoying my stay on earth.
I'm really enjoying not talking to you ... Let's not talk again REAL soon ...
I'm really enjoying not talking to you, so let's not talk again real soon, okay?
I'm really good a drawing bees. See how he's all stripey? -- Newsradio
I'm really impressed that you came up with taupe. Nylarthotep? -- Megan Coughlin
I'm really sick again; it's that impending-deadline strep+allergy I get every time. Gallons of snot, hours of sleep. -- Rohit Khare
I'm really sorry about always saying I'm really sorry.
I'm remembering people on the way down because I'll be seeing them again on the way up. -- Rohit Khare
I'm rot neally drunk, although some thinkle peep I am. I only had tee martunis, Mr. Parice Occifer.
i'm running IE 6.0 on NT 2000. i'm so bleeding edge that i am sliced so thin it makes the average deli vendor green with envy. -- Joshua Schachter
I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed. -- Alanis Morissette
I'm saving my money for when they get Phaser Printers
I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
i'm seeing it because it has the Very Large Array in it - the same reason i saw ID4. two words: synthesized aperature. yummm -- Ethan Schartman
I'm sharp and shiny, just like an icicle.
I'm sick of myself when I look at you, something as beautiful and true. In a world that's ugly and a lie, it's hard to even try. -- Matthew Sweet
I'm sick of teams playing in uniforms with the wrong name on them. Examples: New York and Toronto in the first game of the season Toronto had these jerseys with Huskies across the front. Bullets played the Fort Wayne Pistons last week. This stuff has got to stop. -- John Dobbin
I'm sitting here with a friend reviewing your web page. Ahfung thinks its inadequate becuase there are no quotations with the pictures ("it's too bland."). She thinks you skimpped on the fotos. -- Brian Rifkin
I'm sitting in the smallest room in my house. I have your review in front of me. Soon it will be behind me. -- Max Roger
I'm smart. Take my pants off.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention
I'm so clumsy that when I go out dancing, I trip OVER the light fantastic.
I'm SO confused...
I'm so far behind, I have to look behind me to see tomorrow.
I'm so full of joie de vivre.
I'm so gothic I have BATS IN MY HOUSE. Have you ever had a BAT swoop at your HEAD? You forget about booty REAL QUICK. -- Colleen McManus
I'm so happy, 'cause today I found my friends, they're in my head. -- Nirvana
I'm so insecure, I've put child safety seats on all of my mood swings. -- weegee@iglou.com
I'm so much in debt that I feel guilty buying whole milk. -- Joe Kiniry
I'm so rich, I wish I had a dime for every dime I had. -- Arthur
I'm so sad my heart is leaking all over the place.
I'm so sick of telemarketers that I've put a recording of a busy signal on my answering machine.
I'm so single, it's ridiculous. -- Kylie Minogue
I'm so ugly, but that's okay, 'cause so are you. -- Nirvana
I'm solidly behind whichever side eventually wins.
I'm sorry Dave, but I'm afraid I can't do that. -- HAL 9000
I'm sorry I made you clean the toilets, but who did all the work in bed? -- Ford Fairlane
I'm sorry I used your wedding dress to wax the car.
I'm sorry my karma ran over your dogma.
I'm sorry we can't answer the phone at present. All our receptionists are having a meeting. -- Nike 800 Line Message (from Teleconnect magazine)
I'm sorry, could you speak into my good ear? -- Ace Ventura
I'm sorry, Dave, but I don't think you should cast that pointer. Malloc will barf, and your program will go west, taking me with it. -- Court Demas
I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that! -- Hal
I'm sorry, Dave. I can't do that. I'm all out of Taglines
I'm sorry, I can't have an adventure right now, my Deus ex Machina is in the shop for repairs. -- Mark Lively
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm completely filled with fruit and cheese.
I'm sorry, this tagline is not an apology
I'm sorry, you have the wrong number. This is 91...2. -- Chief Wiggins (The Simpsons",)
I'm sorry. I'm afraid I've caught poetry.
I'm sorry. Yesterday was the deadline on all complaints.
I'm speaking for you here, John, but I assume that you want anything that will allow you to fulfill your dream of one day being both divorced and pursued by a stalker. -- Megan Coughlin
I'm spending a year dead for Tax Purposes
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes.
I'm standing in the desert, waiting for my ship to come in. -- Sheryl Crow
I'm starting to *like* Outlook. ... Clearly, I'm not writing enough code any more. That, and I need a shower, just for thinking such unclean thoughts. My Pilot has stopped sync'ing. I don't blame it. I'd quit in protest, too. -- Aleecia McDonald
I'm starting to have a lot more respect for bands that I used to think sucked. I'm discovering now that they still suck, but that I suck even more, so hm. -- Bruce Sherrod
I'm starting to realize that a) My life as it is isn't truly pathetic b) The things in my life that need changing are within my power to change c) Gosh darn it people like me. -- John Dobbin
I'm still bitter and single... so I don't have anything. Actually I'm not bitter, just single... -- Megan Coughlin
I'm still haunted by Llamosa's nipple. -- John Dobbin
I'm still hoping that yesterday will get better. -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "Peanuts")
I'm still uncertain about the language declaration syntax... -- Dennis Ritchie on C (as quoted in LinuxFocus, Feb 15, 1999)
I'm stymied. And vaguely nauseous. -- Megan Coughlin
I'm sure if Faisal were going to make up a story it would at least be interesting. -- Lex Gibson
I'm sure it is beautiful and lovely but if you use Yellow Pages it can quickly become cloudy, stormy, cold, and depressing. -- Peter Brewer
I'm sure it's clearly explained in the Zmodem DOC's...
I'm sure it's in the manual somewhere...
I'm sure most W&M alumni can say they came out of undergraduate education with a significantly larger rectum. -- Brian Caton
I'm sure that if there were a death penalty more people would be alive today. -- N. Reagan
I'm sure there are dozens of "web authorship for cretins" books that have advice on this topic. I'm also sure most of them are brain-damaged. -- Andrew Plotkin
I'm sure you've been told that in today's world, sex without utilizing a "barrier method" of some kind can kill you. Let me elaborate: when it comes to sex, I am the barrier, and I WILL kill you. -- Frank Topar
I'm surprised that Mani, of all people, shouldn't appreciate the formal process which allows one to compose a barman, a tap, and a pint glass with a reasonable expectation that one's thirst shall be satisfied. -- David Long
i'm surprised you found a pants order form that had a checkbox for "i have no ass to speak of" -- Andrew Stellman
I'm taking La maze classes. I'm not having a baby, I'm just having trouble breathing. -- Steven Wright
I'm taking the Congo as a penalty. -- Seinfeld
I'm talking liquid. Enough money to have you own jet. Enough money not to waste time. Fifty, one-hundred million dollars. A player. -- Wall Street
I'm telling you, George, a woman never does that unless they're interested. -- Seinfeld
I'm tempted to never want to trust any software written by anyone other than myself, or people I personally add to my own web of software-skills trust. One day we're all going to die in a nuclear meltdown not because the Russians or the Americans start, nor because Khaddafy starts a war, but just because Homer Ninetysevener wrote the code to control the launch. -- Ron Resnick
I'm the best there ever was, the best there is, and the best there ever will be. -- Bret The Hitman Hart
I'm the BIRTHDAY GIRL! I want the BIG GUN! -- Jennifer Steele
I'm the chosen one, and I choose to be shopping. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I'm the Doctor... gotta love me -- Bashir
I'm the fourth branch of government. Why am I the fourth branch of government? Because the other two let it happen! -- Rush Limbaugh
I'm the god! I'M THE GOD! -- Twilight Zone (The Little People)
I'm the hand up Mona Lisa's skirt. -- Kevin Zygmontas
I'm the kind of man who deserves to have women I don't deserve.
I'm the kind of person with a nerf gun who'll shoot you if you cause me any problems -- Sam Weiler
I'm the last person to argue that color management is irrelevant, but few sites use it today. Barring sweeping near-term changes, ICM 2.0 simply means users will ignore color management on two platforms instead of one. -- Bruce Fraser (MacWeek)
I'm the leader, which way did they go?
I'm the man! I'm the man! I'm bad! I'm so bad I should be in DETENTION! -- Easy Money
I'm the misfit of the group, and I think they need me like a beauty pageant needs a Nosferatu. -- Jordan Wolbrum
I'm the oldest 26-year-old in the world. -- Jerry Maguire
I'm the only one who laughs during meetings when people use industry jargon. -- Megan Coughlin
I'm the person your mother warned you about.
I'm the person your mother warned you about...
I'm the Vice-President. They know it, and they know that I know it. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
I'm the worlds greatest expert on my own opinion. -- Steve Bondi
I'm thinking to myself that I'm writing this review on a better computer than the one that got us to the moon. -- Roger Ebert reviewing Apollo 13
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin-deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas? -- Jean Kerr
I'm tired of sitting around, Abe. Let's go take in a show. -- Mrs. Lincoln
I'm told that most Vampires who meet Oblivion do it from an unconscious death wish... From what I can see of Jason Flame, he's completely conscious about it. -- Brian Bankler
I'm too gothic for my skirt. Too gothic for my skirt. So gothic it hurts. -- Voron
I'm too skeptical to deny the possibility of anything...
I'm too tired to sleep. Maybe if I free my mind the rest will follow. -- Adam Rifkin
I'm trying to make Adam feel guilty. It hasn't worked in the past, but it's always worth a try. -- John Dobbin
I'm trying to think of something worth talking about, but the most interesting thing that's happening right now in my life is Sybase -- Fleur Dragan
I'm trying to think, but nothing happens. -- Curly
I'm tsrhaphpd ain a ACT%M vrehstifpool wriphd JGILHL GROOFDACPHRE! -- Friends
I'm under pressure from American actors, all of whom are deep into analysis who say... I've... gotta go. No, I'd rather just gently implode in neurosis and lunacy. -- Hugh Grant
i'm up at 3:40 in the morning because i can't get back to sleep after waking up from a dream in which i was recompiling my kitten with #define DISABLE_SHARP_CLAWS and #define NO_TRACK_CAT_LITTER. -- Rob Earhart
I'm usually awake near the end of the day.
I'm very good at not listening to other people. -- Adam Rifkin
I'm walking home from school, and I'm watching some men building a new house, and the guy hammering on the roof calls me a paranoid little weirdo... in Morse code. -- Emo Philips
I'm warning you One step closer and I'll drop carrier
I'm way behind in my alimony payments. I'll have to do some unnecessary surgery on you. You have a fair number of redundant organs. Two lungs... two kidneys... large AND small intestines... and I'm sure you aren't taking full advantage of your pancreas. -- Scott Adams
I'm weak because I think souless, goth, wanna be, candyass, makeup caking fuckheads sully the earth I walk upon? This is a WEAKNESS?? When I'm wearing white facepaint in the middle of July, and I'm not in kabuki theatre, THEN you may call me weak. -- Randy Goldstein
I'm wearing my Burger King underwear... the home of the whopper.
I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's lives.
i'm with andy. no need to know left over here -- Fleur Dragan
I'm working on my 2nd $million... Gave up on the 1st.
I'm working on putting my best songs in mp3-format so I can use my computer as an expensive stereo.
I'm worried about Congress really messing this up. We have that tendency, I've been told. -- Senator Orin Hatch
I'm worried that the universe will soon need replacing. It's not holding a charge. -- Edward Chilton
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography.
I'm your boyfriend now! Blabblabblabblah! -- MST3K
I'm your candy perfume girl. -- Madonna
I've a diploma from the university of life, a pass from the school of hard knocks and three gold stars from the kindergarten of getting the shit kicked out of me. -- Black Adder
I've a rich understanding of my finest defenses. -- REM
I've already ruined computers for myself by letting someone pay me to work with them. I'd hate to lose another leisure activity. -- John Dobbin
I've also wasted time cleaning up after the slimy spoor of an Archetype Bibliography our Riffer-boy expectorated. -- Rohit Khare
I've always admired that I'm ruled by my passions. -- Elizabeth Taylor
I've always been a dreamer, spend my life running around. But it's so hard to change... -- Eagles
I've always been a hypochondriac. As a little boy, I'd eat my M and Ms one by one with a glass of water. -- Richard Lewis
I've always been independent, and I don't see how it conflicts with femininity. -- Sylvia Porter
I've always believed if done properly, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience. -- Thelma and Louise
I've always enjoyed Adam's descriptions of people. They're marvellously uninformative. Adam is the Picasso of personal descriptions. -- John Dobbin
I've always had this vision of waking up in the morning, voting on the issues of the day and then going about the rest of my day. -- John Dobbin
I've always hated Sabbat, and now I hate their games too. Now I know how Rudolf the Red-nosed Reindeer felt. -- Ian Schrieber
I've always looked at fiction as a method of exploring the imagination of other people. Nobody is infinitely imaginative and so everybody could benefit from some fiction. Naturally the more imaginative folks are going to find it more difficult to find books that challenge their imagination. -- John Dobbin
I've always planned to be a failure anyway, that's why I plan to marry an extremely wealthy woman. -- Nick Smith (Metropolitan)
I've always thought that Salon should extend that naming strategy and offend some other classes of people by launching Jews Who Spend Money and Southerners Who Marry Outside the Family. -- Rogers Cadenhead on "Salon: Mothers who Think"
I've attempted to build a caffeine death ray out of empty Mtn Dew bottles... All I need now is 3 tons of dessicated spleens.. -- Jordan Hardgrove
I've been a bad, bad girl. I've been careless with a delicate man. And its a sad, sad world, when a girl will break a boy just because she can... -- Fiona Apple (Criminal)
I've been all over the pittsburgh area looking for a good cup of joe at 3 AM since before you were a prekie. -- Joshua Schachter
I've been doing parallel processing for so long, I'm beside myself.
i've been doing some niping and tucking; lots of improvements in the technical description of things, grammer stuff, etc etc. i'm getting happier with it as i work. -- Joe Kiniry
I've been everything you can't respect... a lawyer, a mayor, a news anchor and a talk-show host. If I sell used cars, I've done the whole cycle. -- Jerry Springer
I've been feeling like everything I say and do is passing through some sort of filter lately which makes it difficult or impossible for the rest of the world to understand me. Likewise everything coming in is passing through that filter as well, so I'm spending more time trying to figure out what the fuck is going on lately...... -- John Dobbin
I've been feeling quite depressed lately. So Dan says I should see this movie; something called "The Wall." Anyone know what it's about? -- Rob Earhart
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart. -- Johnny Cash
I've been good all day so far. -- Calvin
I've been informed that alt.religion.kibology is a *MODERATED* group, strictly for postings by ai's. -- Steven Majewski
I've been living in the wood. ( as opposed to coming out of the woodwork) -- Thanh Boyer
I've been married and divorced three times. I can't hold a job for more than six months at a time, and I'm in debt up to my ears. Dad, tell me, where did you and Mom go wrong? -- Edward Stevenson (WSJ, 9/19/83)
I've been noticing that my desire to have children decreases as I get older. Kinda like a reverse biological clock. It's not particularly disturbing, but it's sort of interesting. (It is so.) -- John Dobbin
I've been on a calendar, but never on time. -- Marilyn Monroe
I've been rich and I've been poor; rich is better. -- Sophie Tucker
i've been running this seti@home thing all week and i haven't detected any aliens yet -- Joshua Schachter
I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I've been smoking all my life, and my lung feels great. -- Andrew Dice Clay
I've been there.
I've been thinking of bettering myself. I applied for village of Kensington. -- Blackadder III
I've been thinking Pikes Place and driving by Eddie Vedder's house! -- Michelle Gardner
I've been thinking. I think you were checking out my butt the other day. -- Threesome
I've been to West Virginia. Be happy you're on this side of the culture warp. There was a guy there who was building an extension to his mobile home. -- Dennis Miller
I've been told that if you don't have anything unpleasant to say, don't say anything at all. -- John Dobbin
I've been waiting for ME to come along! And now I've swept myself off my feet! -- Seinfeld
I've been wishing my mail program would automatically file away any mail over say two weeks old. Would make me feel less guilty about my method of blowing people off. -- John Dobbin
I've been wondering lately why famous people don't sell things like hair clippings from haircuts and toenail clippings and such. I think there's a massive untapped market out there. -- John Dobbin
I've been working on this baby for 2 or 3 years now. It's gonna put Hudsucker back on top. You know... for kids. -- Hudsucker Proxy
I've been... insomaniacal. -- Anu Kapoor
I've come to mess with your mind.
I've conquered your love with my hate. -- Secret Squirrel
I've created a monster here, a portable feast moving on even without my pithy contributions slaying Adam's happy-go-smacky-love-life and defending the Austrians... -- Rohit Khare
I've decided that the dinosaurs weren't killed by a giant asteroid. My new theory is that the facilities staff just decided they were too difficult to maintain. -- Michael Mauldin
I've decided that to raise my grades I must lower my standards. -- Houghton Library (Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts)
I've decided that too many people think they are right, for them all to be right. -- Adam Rifkin
I've decided to become a fatalist. -- Calvin
I've done something with my life; I've made kids happy around the world. -- Walter E. Diemer ((1905-1998), inventor of bubble gum)
I've done... questionable things... -- Roy (Blade Runner)
I've dreamed magnificent, joyful things, but I've forgotten them all; I only know it was wonderful. -- Hermann Hesse
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
I've faked it, if it's been enough already and I want to get some sleep. -- Kramer (on Seinfeld)
I've fallen and I can't get up! -- Yosemite Sam
I've finally figured out what's wrong with photography. It's a one-eyed man looking through a little hole. Now, how much reality can there be in that? -- David Hockney
I've found my niche. If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this little hole in the bottom... -- John Croll
I've found thats it's not good to talk about your troubles. 80% of the people who hear them don't care and the other 20% are glad you're having trouble. -- Tommy LaSorda
I've found the secret to life, I'm OK when everything is not OK. -- Tori Amos
I've given up reading books. I find it takes my mind off myself.
I've gone where the hand of man has never set foot. -- Samuel Goldwyn
I've got 25 bucks and a cracker, do you think it's enough to get us there? -- Tori Amos
I've got 256K of RAM, so why can't I run Windows 3.0?
I've got a devil in me.
I've got a good mind to join the club and beat you over the head with it. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I've got a Mickey Mouse PC with a Goofy operating system.
I've got a mind like a... a... what's that thing called?
I've got a new friend underneath my pillow. -- They Might Be Giants
I've got a novel idea! How about if you don't waste my time. -- Frank Pacheco
I've got a peculiar weakness for criminals and artists -- neither takes life as it is. -- Stanley Kubrick
I've got a pile of rhyming dictionaries at home. The Penguin's the best. -- Phil Oakey of the Human League (on writing lyrics)
I've got a plan so cunning, you could put a tail on it and call it a weasel. -- Black Adder (Dish and Dishonesty)
I've got a thing for poodles in rubber underwear. -- Weird Al Yankovic
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
I've got compassion running out of my nose. I'm the sultan of sentiment. -- Albert (Twin Peaks)
I've got good news. That gum you like is going to come back in style. -- Twin Peaks
I've got half a gig of 3d videos in my pants, and I'm not glad to see you. -- Robert Rodgers
I've got hand! -- Seinfeld
I've got morals. I just don't know where they are.
I've got my scientist so well trained that every time I push the buzzer, he brings me a snack.
I've got some urgent business. There's a bucket outside in need of my getting sick into. -- Blackadder IV
I've got this great idea. Why don't we pitch it to the Franklin mint? Fine pewter portraits of general apathy and major boredom singing, "Whatever and Ever Amen." Oh well, maybe not, try again. -- Ben Folds Five
I've got this habit from judge Ito of saying, "All right." -- Joel Franklin
I've got to admit it's getting better.
I've got to sit down and work out where I stand.
I've got to start listening to those quiet, nagging doubts. -- Calvin
I've got to stop getting fired like this. People will start to think I'm a drifter. -- Lee Iacocca
I've got your infinite slack right here, baby... har har har ;> -- Robert Harley
I've got your signal RIGHT HERE. -- Rob Earhart
I've gotten things more evil than you free at participating mcdonalds. -- Geoff Spear
I've had a hard drive, think I'll crash.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
I've had a total recalibration of the mind. -- Slacker
I've had amnesia for as long as I can remember.
I've had bowls of spaghetti that were more tightly structured than this argument. -- Anthony Lane
I've had it up to here with your 3PM "lunches." -- Rohit Khare
I've had one child. My husband wants to have another. I'd like to watch him have another.
I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good. (Pick up line)
I've had the blues, the reds and the pinks... one thing's for sure: Love Stinks. -- J. Geils Band
I've had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility.
I've heard of 'meat loaf'--but let me ask you--what the hell is 'butt loaf'? Is that something to go with the tossed salad that the other bathroom scrawlers are always gobbling about?
I've heard so much Green Day that I've got dookie coming out my ears. -- Jeff Magnuson
I've imagined great victories, and I've imagined great races. The races are better. -- Mark Helprin (Winter's Tale)
I've just about had it with this 'kinkier than thou' attitude. -- Elliott Evans
I've just broken all previous records on Space Invaders.
I've just had a pint of Owd Roger, so everything is rosy.
I've just mastered the art of not laughing in someone's face as I apologize for just knocking them over. -- Steve "Red Steve" Ledebur
I've just spent two days on the road and put nearly a thousand miles on my car. After that, logging on, selecting alt.config, and seeing "wacky idea" in the subject line of a post there filled my heart with a joy I cannot describe. -- Tim Pierce
I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child --- sometimes on the same day.
I've learned not to put things in my mouth that are bad for me. -- Monica Lewisnky (discussing Jenny Craig weight loss on CNN Larry King Live, January 2000)
I've learned that it's best not to accuse the American people of not thinking when you're trying to enlist their support and trust. -- White House spokesman Mike McCurry on Bob Dole
I've learned that the person with big dreams is more powerful than the one with all the facts. -- Age 51 (Live and Learn and Pass It On)
I've looked in the mirror every day for 20 years. It's the same face. -- Claudia Schiffer
I've loved you more than any woman's loved a rabbit. -- Jessica Rabbit
i've met the electric hellfire club they're all flammable and that's about the sum total of their worth -- death@punkassbitch.org
I've never been afraid to be a ditz. Bimbo is another question. -- Catharine Stimpson
I've never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
I've never been much for shoving burning objects up my ass, you? -- John Dobbin
I've never fallen in love. I've stepped in it a few times. -- Kenneth Branaugh
I've never had major knee surgery on any other part of my body. -- Winston Bennett (UKy forward)
I've never had problems with money. WITHOUT money, I've had problems.
I've never had that dream where I'm naked. It's such a classic, stereo-typical dream: you go to school/work and, lo, you're naked! Everybody else has had that dream, how come I haven't? -- Tara Morrison
I've never heard anything from the group Hole. You know I'm in a group too? It's called Slit. -- Howard Stern
I've never met a human being who would want to read 17,000 pages of documentation, and if there was, I'd kill him to get him out of the gene pool. -- Joseph Costello
I've never really understood the point of erasers. Who makes mistakes anyway? Nothing beats a good old pink eraser for erasing the mistakes of others though. -- John Dobbin
I've never taken drugs, so that's why I'm probably not a big Doors fan. -- Spike Lee
I've noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture. Near as I can tell, this co-incides with the release of MS-DOS. -- Larry DeLuca
I've noticed that a lot of people seem to equate "it doesn't do anything for me" with "it sucks", the same way people seem to equate "they didn't do it exactly the way I would have done it" with "what a bunch of pigfuckers." -- Andrew Stellman
I've often accused myself of filtering out the really cynical, stoical, apathetical, lack of sympathetical, mean, cruel, evil, painful, spiteful, rueful, miserable, and callous thoughts from making their way to my pen. In which case, you get Adam Lite. All the taste of me, without the nasty calories. Is that misrepresentation? -- Adam Rifkin
I've often thought if there is one time when we are all the same, it is the night when we dream. -- John Dobbin
I've often thought the process of aging could be slowed down if it had to go through Congress. -- George H. W. Bush
I've only been gone from this list for 288 hours, and suddenly the topics around here are TWO GROSS. -- Adam Rifkin
I've only got twelve cards.
I've only slept with the men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim? -- Elizabeth Taylor
I've prepared some interesting PowerPoint presentations on how to do efficient OpenGL programming and now, INSTEAD OF SHOWING THEM TO YOU, I AM GOING TO SET THEM ON FIRE!!! -- Robert Rodgers
I've proved Fermat's Last Theorem, but it won't fit here.
I've proved how to trisect an angle, but it won't fit here.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again, I'm living in a gangsta's paradise.
I've seen [U.S. intelligence agencies] from the inside. They will suffer under the weight of their own ineptitude. -- John Perry Barlow
I've seen a front porch swing, and heard a diamond ring. -- Dumbo
I've seen a peanut stand, and heard a rubber band. -- Dumbo
I've seen bitings, however, I still think Lisa and Faith are mostly talk. I don't think they could corrupt a pile of sodium on a humid day in the rainforests of Brazil. -- Sam Kass
I've seen fire, and I've seen rain. I've seen summer days that I thought would never end. I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend. But I always thought I would see you again. -- James Taylor
I've seen many politicians paralyzed in the legs as myself, but I've seen more of them who were paralyzed in the head. -- George Wallace
I've seen the future. I can't afford it. -- ABC
I've seen the shadows of so many people trying on the treasures of youth, but a road that fancy and fast ends in a fatal crash and I'm glad we got off to tell you the truth. -- Indigo Girls
I've seen your name on many maps. Impressive work. -- North
I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on half a mug of beer. -- Senator Claghorn
I've solved the problem of world hunger: Feed the homeless to the poor! -- Jordan Hardgrave
I've spent the weekend at my proctologist, trying to remove the NBA's 17-foot pole out of my rear end. -- Pat Riley
I've suffered for my music, ladies and gentlemen. Now it's your turn. -- Raymond Scum
I've taken the liberty of calculating a 20% tip. It's written on the back next to a picture of a smiling diner... a 15% tip is shown by the picture of a guilty-looking diner. Below that is a picture of a diner and his dog with salad forks in their backs... -- Scott Adams
I've told you for the fifty-thousandth time, stop exaggerating.
I've trained my dog to salivate whenever Pavlov comes over for tea.
I've used Basic so long, my brain has gonesub permanently
I've willed, I've walked, I've read I've talked, I know, I know I've been here before. -- Live
IBM had a PL/I, Its syntax worse than JOSS; And everywhere this language went, It was a total loss.
IBM is considering chess opponents for Deep Blue. Asked what its plans are, Deep Blue said it's going to http://www.disneyland.com/
IBM seems to believe that when they urinate in something, it improves the flavor.
IBM was so ecstatic when its computer won the chess match with Kasparov, executives vowed not to lay anybody off this month.
IBM: I've Been Misled
IBM: I've Been Mugged.
IBM: Immense Bins of Money.
IBM: Impractical, But Marketable.
IBM: In Business for Money.
IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.
IBM: When you care enough to spend the very most.
IBM: You can buy better, but you can't pay more.
Ice cream is not a food. It's a drink that someone left out in the cold. -- John Dobbin
Ich bin ein Frankfurter.
Ideal conversation must be an exchange of thought, and not, as many of those who worry most about their shortcomings believe, an eloquent exhibition of wit or oratory. -- Emily Post (Etiquette)
Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality the cost becomes prohibitive. -- William Buckley
Ideally, of course, you want something that immediately but non-intrusively checks your spelling [and grammar], like WordMail in Microsoft Outlook... but of course we can't all be fortunate enough to run Microsoft software. -- Joe Barrera
Ideals are ironically far from ideal to have. -- Mark Denovich
Ideas are much like children - your own are wonderful.
Ideas are part of a web... there is no beginning and no end, only evangelism and faith. -- Rohit Khare
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement.
Ideas last longer than people or things. Your ideas will go further if you don't insist on going with them. -- Jerry Kaplan's advisor
Identify your friends by your enemies.
Identify your visitor.
Idiocy is the essence of the male mind. -- Bill Watterson
Idios amigos. We're wild and crazy guys!
Idiosyncratically euphemistic eccentricities promulgate dispensable obfuscation. Therefore, you must always simplify.
Idiot Box, n.: The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Idiot Box, sniglet: The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
Idiot flunks his senior year so he can be a dick two years in a row... Is that legal? -- Dazed and Confused
Idiot, n.: A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Idle hands are the devils playthings....busy hands will make you go blind
Idleness is leisure gone to seed.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
Idleness, like kisses, to be sweet must be stolen. -- Jerome K. Jerome
If 7-11 is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, why are there locks on the doors?
If 99% is good enough, then gravity will not work for 14 mins every day.
If 'Anastasia' is any indication of where things are going in the world of historically inspired movies, said Bob Atchison, a Web-page designer and Russian history enthusiast, The next thing they're going to do is, 'Anne Frank moves to Orlando and opens a crocodile farm with a guy named Mort.' -- NYT 11/9/97
If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape at about 30 miles/second. -- Grishman (Assembly Language Programming)
If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law. -- Roy Santoro
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast is a camel's behind. -- Edgar R. Fiedler
If a cape sitting in the closet collecting cat hair makes me a goth wannabe, then i'm also a pornography addict, a terrorist, and a Paula Abdul fan. -- Martin Frankel
If a cat always lands on its feet, and a buttered piece of bread always lands buttered side down, what would happen if you tied a piece of bread (butter side up) onto a cat's back?
If a cat does something, we call it instinct; if we do the same thing, for the same reason, we call it intelligence. -- Will Cuppy
If a chicken and a half lay an egg and a half in a day and a half, then how long does it take an infinite number of monkeys to kick all the pits out of a dill pickle? -- Adam Rifkin
If a child lives with approval, he learns to live with himself. -- Dorothy Law Nolte
If a child shows himself to be incorrigible, he should be decently and quietly beheaded at the age of twelve, lest he grow to maturity, marry, and perpetuate his kind. -- Don Marquis
If a child, an untrained person, an ignorant person, or an insane person incites trouble, it is the fault of authority for not predicting and preventing that trouble. -- Paul Maud'Dib (Dune)
If a couple from West Virginia gets divorced, are they still cousins?
If a drink contains 100% NutraSweet... Where the heck is the drink then?
If A equals success, then the formula is A = X + Y + Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
If a fly has no wings would you call him a walk?
If a food processor chops up food, what exactly does a WORD processor do?
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise. -- William Blake
If a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass when he walked. -- Hot Shots
If a frog had wings, he wouldn't hit his tail on the ground. If. Too hypothetical. -- George H. W. Bush
If a good line of code bit you on the ass would you know it? -- Mark Curby
If a great man could make us understand him, we should hang him. -- Geroge Bernard Shaw
If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1 passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager. -- T. Cheatham
If a guy tells me the probability of failure is 1 in 10E5, I know he's full of crap. -- Richard P. Feynmann (What Do You Care What Other People Think?)
If a hungry cannibal were to crack your head open, he wouldn't have enough to top a water biscuit. -- Blackadder IV
If a job's worth doing, it's worth taking the trouble to ask someone to do it.
If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did." -- Jack Handey
If a listener nods his head when you are explaining your problem, wake him up.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
If a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger? -- Thomas Henry Huxley
If a man carries his own lantern, he need not fear darkness. -- Hasidic saying
If a man chooses to do evil... it becomes my sacred duty to bash him to a pulp.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. -- Henry David Thoreau
If a man doesn't look at me when I walk into a room, he's gay. -- Kathleen Turner
If a man has no vices, he is in great danger of making vices about his virtues, and there's a spectacle. -- Thorton Wilder
If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
If a man is standing in the middle of the forest speaking, and there is no woman around to hear him, is he still wrong? -- Kate Cronin
If a man loves the labour of his trade, apart from any question of success or fame, the gods have called him. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life. -- Plato
If a man prepares dinner for you and the salad contains three or more types of lettuce, he is serious. -- Rita Rudner
If a man said to you, ``A dog carried away your ear,'' would you go after the dog, or search first for your ear?
If a man says something and there is no woman in the room, is he still wrong?
If a man says, I'll call you, and he doesn't, he didn't forget... he didn't lose your number... he didn't die. He just didn't want to call you. -- Rita Rudner
If a man talks in the forrest, and no woman hears him.... is he still wrong? -- Scott DeLucia (WTAW)
If a man would follow, today, the teachings of the Old Testament, he would be a criminal. If he would follow strictly the teachings of the New, he would be insane. -- Robert Ingersoll
If a man yells something in a forest and no one is around to hear him....is he still wrong?
If a million people belive in a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing. -- Anatole France
If a mute swears, does his mother wash his hands with soap?
If a nation does not want a monarchy, change the nation's mind. If a nation does not need a monarchy, change the nation's needs. -- Jan Christian Smuts
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too. -- William Somerset Maugham (Strictly Personal)
If a parsley farmer is sued, can they garnish his wages?
If a person feels he can't communicate, the least he can do is shut up about it. -- Tom Lehrer
If a person who indulges in gluttony is a glutton, and a person who commits a felony is a felon, then God is an iron.
If a picture is normally worth a thousand words, then that picture is worth about twelve. -- Rohit Khare
If a President doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country.
If a program is useful, it must be changed.
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
If a real programmer is around at 9am, it's because he was up all night.
If a research project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing properly. -- Journal of Irreproducible Results
If a speed freak went to Rapid City to make a quick buck in fast food, he might sell instant coffee in the express lane. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
If a stealth bomber crashes in a forest, will it make a sound?
If a stranger kisses you on the ear, can you get hearing AIDS?
If a string has one end, it has another.
If a thing of beauty is a joy forever, why does ugly seem to last so much longer? -- Top 5
If a tool is put away when you're sure it won't be needed again, it will. Soon.
If a town has one lawyer, he starves; if it has two lawyers, they both get rich.
If a tree falls down in the woods and I'm not there to hear it, I don't give a shit. -- Mark Denovich
If a tree falls in a forest and lands on a politician, even if you can't hear the tree or the screams, I'll bet you'd at least hear some applause. -- Paul Tindale
If a tree falls on your head in a forest and no one hears it, it still hurts. -- Paul Reiser
If a tree fell on a florist,would he make a sound?
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
If a TV show got four million viewers it would be cancelled. -- sculptor Robert Grahams (mocking the numbers of visitors to New York's Metropolitan Museum each year)
If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?
If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -- Dave Barry
If a woman wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
If a woman wrote this, people would probably make some sarcastic remark like "defining characteristic: I'm engaged!" But because you're male, it's sweet and wonderful. -- Megan Coughlin
If a woman's place is in the kitchen, then how come I'm always in the car?
If a word in the dictionary were mispelled, how would we know?
If absolute power corrupts absolutely, does absolute powerlessness make you pure? -- Harry Shearer
If Adam remembers seeing this amazing bird when we were driving around Seattle and feels like he had this incredible experience and temporary feeling of freedom and power from this bird, and I say, "we never saw a bird like that," I'm robbing him of a really great memory and a lingering experience because I'm obsessed with facts. There are ways to say "I don't remember that" without ruining other people's memories. -- Megan Coughlin
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine. -- Rob Stampfli
If after you've tried everything else, the fucking pink elephant is still there, try looking at the elephant from a different point of view. Like, down the barrel of a pink fucking elephant gun. -- Jack Nicholson
If Albert Einstein were alive today, he'd use a Mac, and you know it. -- Steve Jobs (Newsweek Magazine, 10/1/97)
If Alexander Graham Bell had had a daughter, he'd never have invented the telephone.
If all be true that I do think, There be Five Reasons why one should Drink; Good friends, good wine, or being dry, Or lest we should be by-and-by, Or any other reason why.
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
If all else fails, read the directions
If all else fails, read the instructions.
If all else fails, show pretty pictures and animated videos, and don't talk about performance. -- David Bailey
If all goes well, you've overlooked something
If all has gone well, I am talking to myself, and you have a towel wrapped around your head. -- Arnold Schwarzenegger
If all is not lost, then where is it?
If all men are created equal, why don't we all weigh the same? -- Craig Stacey
If all men were brothers, would you want one to marry your sister? -- Theodore Sturgeon (Title of a short story)
If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap when everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -- Socrates
If all printers were determined not to print anything till they were sure it would offend nobody, there would be very little printed. -- Benjamin Franklin
If all the economists were laid end to end, they wouldn't reach a conclusion. -- William Baumol
If all the girls who attended the Yale prom were laid end to end - I shouldn't be at all surprised. -- Dorothy Parker
If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
If all the world's a stage, I sure got lousy seats.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door. -- Paul Beatty
If all the world's a stage, I've just fallen in the orchestra pit.
If all the world's a stage... where does the audience sit?
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a conclusion. -- William Baumol
If all you have is a hammer, then all the world looks like a nail.
If Americans throw rice at weddings, do Chinese throw hot dogs?
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong. -- Finagle (First Law)
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
If an expert marketing staff was all that was necessary to successfully bring a product to market, we'd all be eating McRibs, watching Chevy Chase, dressing Hasidic chic, and listening to Hootie and the Blowfish. -- Suck
If an infinite number of rednecks, driving an infinite number of pickup trucks, fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works. In Braille.
If an item is advertised as under $50, you can bet it's not $19.95.
If an orange is orange, why isn't a lime called a green or a lemon called a yellow?
If ants are such busy workers, how come they find time to go to all the picnics? -- Marie Dressler
If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.
If anyone disagrees with anything I say, I am quite prepared not only to retract it, but also to deny under oath that I ever said it. -- Tom Lehrer
if anyone wants the vicarious orgasm, send me a check for $5. -- Ethan Schartman
If anything -can't- go wrong, it will
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If anything has the word 'science' in its name, it's not science. Political Science, Social Science, Computer Science, ... -- George Cebulka
if asdf ever becomes a word, I'll be able to type it real fast -- Ted Metzler
If asked to be interactive, killing people is about as interactive as I get. -- Justin Broughton
If at first we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment. -- Los Angeles Times Syndicate
If at first you don't succeed -- give it up. It isn't worth the pain. -- Matt Groening
If At First You Don't Succeed Ignore The Docs...
If at first you don't succeed, blame the cold, cruel universe.
If at first you don't succeed, blame the teacher.
If at first you don't succeed, call it Ver 1.0
If at first you don't succeed, call it Ver 1.0.
If at first you don't succeed, change the rules
If at first you don't succeed, cry.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, fake it
If at first you don't succeed, find someone to blame. Such as Bob, for example. It's probably Bob's fault...
If at first you don't succeed, forget it.
If at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool.
If at first you don't succeed, give up. No use being a damn fool.
If at first you don't succeed, give up.
If at first you don't succeed, give up; no use being a damn fool.
If at first you don't succeed, join the club.
If at first you don't succeed, lower your standards.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving isn't for you.
If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy.
If at first you don't succeed, try skydiving ...
If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then give up.
If at first you don't succeed, work for Microsoft.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average. -- Leonard Levinson
If at first you don't succeed, you've failed failed again.
If at first you don't succeed... CHEAT!
If at first you don't suceed, you're about normal.
If at last you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you ever tried.
If atheism is a religion, then bald is a hair color. -- Mark Schnitzius
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If basketball had never been invented, where would they hold those school dances? -- The Lion
If basketball had never been invented, who would want to dance?
If beauty is truth, there are an awful lot of falsehoods walking around...
If Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at the age of 22, it would have changed the history of music... and of aviation. -- Tom Stoppard
If biting someone got you $30 million, my child would be a billionaire by now.
If blind people wear sunglasses, why don't deaf people wear earmuffs?
If brains were dynamite you couldn't blow your nose!
If brains were taxed, he'd get a rebate.
If Budweiser is the King of Beers, then Coors is surely Der Fuhrer.
If builders built buildings the way that programmers write programs, the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. -- Reede Stockton
If C gives you enough rope to hang yourself, then C++ gives you enough rope to bind and gag your neighborhood, rig the sails on a small ship, and still have enough rope to hang yourself from the yardarm. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
If C++ has taught me one thing, it's this: Just because the system is consistent doesn't mean it's not the work of Satan. -- Andrew Plotkin
If Californians recycled all their bottles, aluminum cans, and paper, they would save about 150 million gallons of oil each year.
If Canada is underdeveloped, so is Brigitte Bardot. -- H.R. Macmillan
If cartoons were meant for adults they'd be on in prime time. -- Lisa Simpson
If cigarettes were bad for you, they wouldn't sell them everywhere. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
If Clinton is the answer, the question must be stupid.
If common sense is so common, why can't we define it and why hasn't someone made a movie about it?
If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in.
If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into committees ... that'll do them in.
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve us right. -- Alistair Cooke
If conditions are not favorable, bacteria go into a period of adolescence.
If confusion about your love life is ruining your day then you should go over to your best friend's house and ruin her day. -- LA Story
If Corn Oil Is Made From Corn, What's Baby Oil Made From?
If cows could fly, everyone would carry an umbrella.
If creationist theories are accurate, 99% of the universe was created to fool man. -- Sagan
If criticism had any power to harm, the skunk would be extinct by now. -- Fred Allen
If dandelions were hard to grow, they would be most welcome on any lawn. -- Andrew V. Mason
If Data is fully functional, can he get a woman pregnant?
If David Copperfield really did pay money to Claudia Schiffer to be his fiancee, I would have even more respect than ever for him and for the power of money. -- Richard Goodman
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
If doodyheads were airplanes, this place would be LAX. Oh, you're all leaving? Then this place must be ex-LAX!
If Dr. Van Nostrem calls again, secretary, please tell him that the slicer's at the cleaners, the clothes are in the ocean and the cat's dead. (He died from some strange skin disease while walking down Melrose Place.) -- Darron Smith
If dreaming you are a muffler causes you to wake up exhausted, does dreaming that you are a wheel rim cause you to awaken still tired?
If Einstein Had Been Black It would be E=MC Hammer.
If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by statistical methods.
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If error is corrected whenever it is recognized as such, the path of error is the path of truth. -- Hans Rechenbach
If everybody skootches over, you can fit 100 million people in here! -- Top 5
If everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn't thinking. -- General George S. Patton
If everyone walked around naked in the world, there would be less misunderstanding. -- Chicago Sons
If everything goes as planned this evening, we shouldn't run more than hour late.
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane. Or in England.
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
If everything on television is, without exception, part of a low-calorie (or even no-calorie) diet, then what good is it complaining about the adverts? By their worthlessness, they at least help to make the programmes around them seem of a higher level. -- Jean Baudrillard (Utopia Achieved)
If everything seems to be going well, then you obviously don't know what the hell is going on.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve.
If fate throws a knife at you, there are two ways of catching it: by the blade, and by the handle.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing. -- B. Russell
If fighting were like this, you guys would never see me. I'd be at the mall picking fights every night. -- Whitney
If flies couldn't fly, would they be called walks?
If fortification is a large fort, why isn't ratification a large rat?
If Frequently Asked Questions comprise a FAQ, what do Frequently Unasked Questions comprise?
If genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration, I sure have been sharing elevators with a with a lot of very bright people.
If George Washington never told a lie, how did he ever get to be president?
If God didn't want us to masturbate he would have given us shorter arms.
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
If God dwells inside us, like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because that's what he's getting! -- Jack Handey
If God had a name what would it be and would we call it to His face? -- Joan Osborne
If God had intended man to have computers, he would have given us 16 fingers.
If God had intended Man to program, we would be born with serial I/O ports.
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
If God had intended man to watch TV, He would have given him rabbit ears.
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with green, baggy skin.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had meant for us to vote, he'd have given us candidates.
If God had meant us to eat meringue, he would have made chickens fart more.
If God had meant us to think, we'd have brains. -- Nick Munn
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to invent it.
If God had not meant for some people to be poorer than others, he would not have published the Bible in paperback. -- In God We Trust
If God had not meant us to write on walls, he would never have given us an example.
If God had wanted Texans to ski, He would have made bullsh*t white.
If God had wanted us to be space-faring, He would have given us a large moon made of metal-oxides.
If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10 apostles.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God is a Republican, then why is his son a Jewish liberal?
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows. (Yiddish saying)
if god meant for us to program, he's a sadist. -- Rob Earhart
If God meant us to have group sex, I guess he'd have given us all more organs. -- Malcolm Bradbury
If God wanted me to touch my toes, he would have put them on my knees.
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs? -- Marvin Kitman
If God wanted us to be naked, we would have been born that way!
If god were a bad guy, he'd be me! -- Nathan Benedict (the Last Action Hero)
If God were a woman, sperm would taste like chocolate.
If guns are outlawed, can we use swords?
If guns are outlawed, how will NRA members win arguments?
If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?
If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.
If guns are outlawed, then only criminals will shoot their kids by accident.
If guys dressed like women do, they'd stare too!!!
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry. (Chinese proverb)
If he is willing to meet you halfway, he will be a poor judge of distance.
If he raced his pregnant wife, he'd finish third. -- Tommy Lasorda
If he were any more stupid, he'd have to be watered twice a week.
If history teaches us anything, it is that man, in his quest for knowledge and progress, is determined and cannot be deterred. -- John Fitzgerald Kennedy (September, 1962)
If homosexuality were natural, God would have created Adam and Bruce. -- Anita Bryant
If humans had cheek pouches like hamsters, I bet restaurants would have to change the policies on their "all you can eat" buffets. -- Gail Celio
If humans have orgasms do machines have mechanisms?
If humans have orgasms, do the Borg have Borgasms?
If I abstain from fun and such, I'll probably amount to much; but I shall stay the way I am, because I do not give a damn. -- Dorothy Parker
If I am elected, the concrete barriers around the WHITE HOUSE will be replaced by tasteful foam replicas of ANN MARGARET!
If I am paid a single grain of rice, it is enough to make to make me mindful of 't. -- Rohit Khare
If I buy a crate of oranges, and discover that the first layer is entirely rotten, it is not rational to suppose that the rest is of surpassing excellence to make up for it. -- Bertrand Russell
If I buy the steel wool, can you knit me a BMW?
If I can be of any help at all, you are in worse trouble than I thought. -- All of Me
If I can be of any help, you're in worse trouble than I thought.
If I can make just one person laugh, then it must've been a pretty good eulogy. -- Wade Kwan
If I can't fix it, it's probably dead. -- Shige
If I can't have everything, well then just give me a taste. -- Nine Inch Nails
If I can't have quiet in here, *I* won't be interested in living. Are you interested in dying? Now, shut up; or I'll send you to a hell you're not familiar with. -- Bruce Sherrod
If I can't hear you it's because I'm screening my calls.
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell. -- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
If I claim to be a wise man, it surely means that I don't know. -- Kansas
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive! -- Samuel Goldwyn
If I could find a font that was less legible, I would do so. -- Megan Coughlin
If I could find a way to get [Saddam Hussein] out of there, even putting a contract out on him, if the CIA still did that sort of a thing, assuming it ever did, I would be for it. -- Richard M. Nixon
If I could go through the dorms and shoot people, exam pressures would be put into perspective. -- Professor Ralph Noble
If I could hit it on the head, it wouldn't be an estimate. -- Dr. Pete
If I could make a suggestion, please don't wear those pants with the holes in them. -- Mani Chandy
If I could put myself in your shoes, I'd walk right back to me.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
If I could rest anywhere it would be in Arkansaw [sic], where men are the real half-horse half-alligator breed such as grows nowhere on the face of the earth. -- Davey Crockett (1786-1836)
If I cried me a river of all my confessions would I drown in my shallow regret? -- Sarah McLachlan
If I didn't feel so wrong, you'd be my Mr. Right. -- that dog.
if i don't go postal it will only be because i ran out of time. -- Aleecia McDonald
If I don't have to deal with it, it's not a problem anymore. -- Rohit Khare
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
If I end up buying these albums because of this, I'm gonna slap you so hard you'll think I ended this sentence with something clever. -- Paul Mazaitis
If I entered into an agreement with that man, I would be sticking my head in a moose. -- Samuel Goldwyn
If I ever become a scandalous famous person, I'm going to start a diary, and write two hours of mindless drivel every evening, more if I can find the time, and force Congress to sift through it all. -- Sam Kass
If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like I am now. -- Jack Handey
If I follow you home will you keep me?
If I follow you home, will you keep me?
If I gain another pound, I'll have to let out my living room.
If I gotta ride your ass like Zorro, you're gonna show me the money. -- Jerry Maguire
If I had a brother like you, I'd put myself up for adoption.
If I had a dollar for every unfinished thought... -- Adam Rifkin
If I had a dollar for everytime I whined about something, I'd just sit around and complain all day. Because even though no one likes a whiner, everyone likes rich people. -- Katherine Haenschen
If I had a hidden agenda, I'd probably lose it.
If I had a nickel for every nickel I spent, I'd have all my money back! -- G. Hammer
If I had a nickel for every time I tried lathering up a woman telling her I was a billionaire, I'd BE a billionaire. -- Duckman
If I had a nickname, I think I would want it to be "Prince of Weasels," because then I could go up and bite people and they would turn around and go, "What the-?" And then they would recognize me, and go, "Oh, it's you, the Prince of Weasels." -- Jack Handey
If I had a penis, I'd still be a girl. But I'd make much more money and conquer the world. -- Uncle Bonsai (Penis Envy)
If I had a plantation in Georgia and a home in Hell, I'd sell the plantation and go home. -- Eugene P. Gallagher
If I had any humility I would be perfect. -- Ted Turner
If I had anything witty to say, I wouldn't put it here.
If I had been born some time ago I would've been some animal's lunch. -- Warren Buffett
If I had known grandchildren would be so much fun, I would have had them first.
If I had my life to live over again, I'd be a plumber. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
If I had my life to live over, I'd like to make more mistakes next time. I'd relax. I would start barefoot earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall. I would ride more merry-go-rounds. I would pick more daisies. -- Nadine Stair
If I had no duties, and no reference to futurity, I would spend my life in driving briskly in a post-chaise with a pretty woman. -- Samuel Johnson
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide. -- Mahatma Gandhi
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
If I had thought about it, I wouldn't have done the experiment. The literature was full of examples that said you can't do this. -- Spencer Silver on the work that led to the unique adhesives for 3-M Post-It Notepads
If I had to choose between her and being raped in prison, I'd have to think about it for a while. -- Marilyn Manson
If I had to distill all of my thirty years of personal experience into one piece of advice that would most help kids today, it would be this: Kids...Uncle Greg needs a nap right now. Why don't you play quietly in the other room for a couple of minutes. Just a few minutes, that's all I need. Really. Please. -- Greg Plesur
If I had two tongues, I'd be the happiest person in the world. "Second happiest." -- Mad About You
If I hadn't seen such riches, I could live with being poor. -- James
If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.
If I have sex with my clone, will I go blind?
If I have to cry, I think of my sex life. If I have to laugh, I think of my sex life. -- Glenda Jackson
If I have to tear this universe another black hole, I'll find it. -- Ace Ventura
If I have to work for a large company, i'll go postal. Actually, it will be called "going corporate" when i do it, thank you very much. And you know where you can shove your fast food chain... -- John Jantos
If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
If i kill my officemate, can one of you come to court and say I was in Baker or something at the time it happened? -- Len Lanphar
If I knew I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself. -- Mickey Mantle
If I knew then, what I know now, I could have screwed up better.
If I knew what I was so anxious about, I wouldn't be so anxious. -- Mignon McLaughlin
If I learned anything from CMU, it was how hard it is to keep margin of error (when properly calculated) to a reasonable level. ...most of the time in Experimental Physics, according to the calculations, I couldn't even be sure the pendulum I was measuring was even in the same room. WEFA might not even be talking out of their own asses. -- Mark Denovich
If I like wanted to watch a video about school I'd go to school and watch a video. -- Butt-head
If I listen, I have the advantage. If I speak, the others have it.
If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?
If I must go into eternity, I'd prefer to go by the scenic route.
If I owned Texas and hell, I would rent out Texas and live in hell. -- Sheridan
If I phrased the challenge that way I'd have to do the hard work instead of you. That would not be too smart of me, would it? -- Mark Curby
If I plagiarize, it's only because I like someone else's idea better than mine and I want credit for it. -- Anna Chin-Williams
If I put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm going home. -- Friends
If I quit now, they win. -- X-Files: The Movie
If I said you were sexy, would you hold your body against me? -- Butt-head
If I save the whales, where do I keep them?
If I save time, when do I get it back ?
If I see one more JFK movie, I will dig him up and kill him again. -- jeffy@mit.edu
If I shot myself, my ex would sue me for the bullet.
If I should die before I wake... hey, I ain't going to bed. -- Dennis Miller
If I should die before I wake... I guess someone gets an extra donut in the morning. -- Dennis Miller
If I should die, remember this: I'll be back to get ya. -- Blackadder IV
If I sit down, I write a long opinion and don't come to the point as quickly as I could. If I stand up I write as long as my knees hold out. When they don't, I know it's time to stop. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. (1841-1935) explaining why he writes his brief and lucid opinions while standing at a high desk
If I speak, I am condemned. If I stay silent, I am DAMNED! -- Jean Valjean (Les Mis)
If I stop laughing when we make love, it's not because it has stopped being funny.
If I told you you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow As Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me The pot's at the other end. -- Bert Whitney
If I want any crap outta you I'll squeeze your head.
If I want to hear about your private life I'll watch Ricki Fucking Lake.
If I want to stop smoking, one method is to find a tall building and jump off. But that's kind of a high-cost solution. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
If I want your opinion I'll beat it from you
If I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
If I want your opinion, I'll give it to you.
If I want your stupid opinion, I'll beat it out of you.
If I wanted to listen to an ASSHOLE, I would've farted!
If I wanted to sleep with someone that effeminate, I'd be heterosexual.
If I wanted to spend all day nervously reacting to purposefully vague signals, knowing that as soon as I misinterpreted one, boom, instant death, I'd still be dating that performance artist. -- MacUser columnist Andy Ihnatko (talking about his experience with a Tamagotchi)
If I wanted to talk to myself, I could do that in the shower. -- Joel Franklin
If I was a bum check, would you let me bounce up and down inside your bank account? -- the Lemonheads
If I was Eddie Vedder, would you like me any better? -- Local H
If I was Elvis, would you screw me? (Pick up line)
If I was the head of a country that lost a war, and I had to sign a peace treaty, just as I was signing, I'd glance over the treaty and then suddenly act surprised. "Wait a minute! I thought we won!" -- Jack Handey
If I was the last man on Earth I bet we could do it in public. -- Butt-head
If I wasn't here, right now there would be a pile of clothes.
If I were a dog, I wouldn't sniff your cheatin' butt.
If I were a religious person and not the rational thinking person I think I am, I would say that this thing doesn't *think* it's Satan, I'd say it *is* Satan. -- Dick Derkin (Split Second)
If I were here more often, I wouldn't be gone so much.
If I were to begin life again, I should want it as it was. I would just open my eyes a little more. -- Jules Renard
If I were to do this I'd be rising to new depths. -- John Dobbin
If I were to start the killing, I would be sure to do it in a remote, wide-open place or someone is likely to get hurt. -- Sam Kass
If I were to teach a course on elephants, you'd get 10 weeks of the elephant's big toe. -- Joel Franklin
If I were two faced, would I wear this one...
If I were you, who'd be me?
If I won the lottery, I wouldn't be talkin' about philosophy. I'd be talkin' about Masaratis.
If I work incessantly to the last, nature owes me another form of existence when the present one collapses. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1829)
If I'd have known I would live so long, I would have taken better care of myself.
If I'm a good egg does it really matter if I'm cracked?
If I'm alone in the trees and utter some words and no woman hears them, am I still wrong?
If I'm awake, try me. If I'm asleep, wake me.
If I'm lying, I'm dying -- David Addison
If I'm making a movie and get hungry, I call time-out and eat some crackers. -- Carol Alt
If I'm right about this, I could save a man's life. Do you know what that would do for my book sales? -- Scream
If I'm you, and she's me, then we have transitivity. -- Adam Rifkin
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.
If idiots could fly, this place would be an airport.
If ignorance ever goes to $40 a barrel, I want drillin' rights on that man's head. -- Jim Hightower (On George Bush's policies)
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't more people happy?
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
If in doubt, make it sound convincing.
If in doubt, mumble.
If information is power, then the current wave of bullshit could appropriately be termed a "brownout." -- Suck
If it ain't broke, break it and charge for repair.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it ain't broke, hit it harder.
If it ain't broke, wait a day or two
If it ain't broken, it ain't breakable.
If it ain't one thing, it's two or three...
If it bleeds, we can kill it. -- Arnold (Predator)
If it can be borrowed and it can be broken, you will borrow it and you will break it.
If it can kill you, it can probably get you high. -- Robert Campbell
If it comes into your room uninvited: kill it. -- Tara Morrison
If it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.
If it feels good do it, and if it does good feel it.
If it flies, floats or f**ks, it's cheaper to rent. -- Malcolm Forbes
If it glows don't touch it!
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it has feelings, it's not cooked enough!
If it has wheels, CPUs, or breasts, sooner or later it's bound to give you trouble.
if it helps, treat this as the ramblings of a raging cynic. -- John Jantos
If it is all the same to you I won't be coming in to work. The voices told me to clean all the guns today.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. -- Marcus Aurelius
If it is not there, it does not exist.
If it isn't broken, don't fix it.
If it isn't original, it isn't sin.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacement anyway.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing.
If it looks easy, it's tough. If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.
If it looks too good to be true, it is too good to be true.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it says one size fits all, it doesn't fit anyone.
If it screams it's not food......yet. <<Evil Grin>>
If it screams, it's not food.
If it was easy, it wouldn't be any fun.
If it was easy, the hardware people would take care of it.
If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
If it was obvious everyone would be doing it.
If it was only a 3 hour tour, why did MRS. HOWELL have so many clothes?
If it wasn't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all. -- Cream
If it wasn't for disappointment, I wouldn't have any appointment. -- They Might Be Giants
If it wasn't for stupid people doing stupid things, I'd be unemployed!
If it wasn't so cool out today, it would be warmer.
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable. -- George Ade
If it weren't for C, we'd still be programming in OBOL, BASI, and PASAL!
If it weren't for caffeine, sleep and I would NEVER be parted. -- Brian Caton
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight. -- George Gobel
If it weren't for marriage, men would go through life thinking they had no faults at all.
If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of the television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners.
If it weren't for pickpockets, I'd have no sex life at all. -- Rodney Dangerfield
If it weren't for the ennui, we'd all be bored.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done.
If it works, don't fix it.
If it works, I didn't do it.
If it works, rip it apart and find out why
If it works, something went wrong.
If it works, tear it apart and find out why!
If it's a despot you would dethrone, see first that his throne erected within you is destroyed. -- Kahlil Gibran (1923)
If it's a penny for your thoughts and you put in your two cents worth, then someone, somewhere is making a penny. -- Steven Wright
If it's a question of to be or not to be, I'll put on my boots and go see what I can see. -- Crash Test Dummies (Here on Earth)
If it's against state law, it's generally considered a breach of Etiquette. -- Miss Manners
If it's good, they discontinued it.
If it's more than you need, it's greed.
If it's not baroque, don't fix it. Unless you think you can handel it.
If it's not broke, let me take a crack at it.
If it's not going to plan, maybe there never was a plan.
If it's not happening to me it's not important. -- Murphy Brown
If it's not on fire, it's a software problem.
If it's not Scottish IT'S CRRAAAPPP
If it's obvious, it's obviously wrong.
If it's sanity you're after, there's no recipe like laughter. Laugh it off. -- H.R. Elliot
If it's selfish to eat grilled cheese sandwiches for lunch, then yes, I've been quite selfish lately. -- Megan Coughlin
If it's so high in glucose, why does it taste so salty?
If it's songs you want, go to a karoake bar. -- David Letterman
If it's stupid and works, then it ain't stupid.
If it's stupid but works, it isn't stupid.
If it's stupid, but it works, then it's not stupid.
If it's the thought that counts, then why aren't there more pregnant women in the world?
If it's too loud, you're too old. -- Bumper sticker
If it's tourist season, where do I get a license?
If it's tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If it's working OK, then something's GOTTA be wrong
If its theme were any more artificially sweet, this movie would be classified a carcinogen. -- Mr. Cranky
If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty.
If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it. -- Thomas Carlyle
If Jim Morrison drove his van to Van Morrison's gym...
If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football. -- Chuck Newcombe
If junk email doesn't make me go postal, it'll be some smart ass correcting my slang. -- Bruce Sherrod
If Jupiter is in your astrological house, better stock up on the Stridex and Oxy-5! -- Top 5
If Kellogs was a country, and FruitLoops their currency, what factors would affect the exchange rate? -- Robert Rodgers
If language is not correct, then what is said is not what is meant; if what is said is not what is meant, then what must be done remains undone; if this remains undone, morals and art will deteriorate; if justice goes astray, the people will stand about in helpless confusion. Hence there must be no arbitrariness in what is said. This matters above everything. -- Confucius
If Las Vegas really had hookers who were intelligent, well-spoken, clean, educated, free of disease and looked like Elizabeth Shue, every city and town in America would be depopulated of males, because they would have run off to Las Vegas to pursue the dream. -- Mr. Cranky
If law school is so hard to get through, how come there are so many lawyers? -- Calvin Trillin
If laws are outlawed, only outlaws will have laws.
If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow that electricians can be delighted; musicians denoted; cowboys deranged; models deposed; tree surgeons debarked; and dry cleaners depressed? -- Virginia Ostman
If Levi Strauss' mom hadn't named him Levi, would we all be wearing Freds?
If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat). -- Jack Handey
If life didn't suck, would you know what was going on? -- Chris Rapier
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is a joke, what is the punchline?
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
If life is a waste of time, and time is a waste of life, then let's all get wasted together and have the time of our lives. -- Armand's Pizza (Washington, D.C.)
If life is but a dream please wake me up.
If life must not be taken too seriously... then so neither must death. -- Samuel Butler
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead. -- Johnny Carson
If life were easy, it wouldn't be worth living. I believe that it's only through adversity, suffering, and hardship that we truly learn. -- Adam Rifkin
If life were predictable, it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
If little else, the brain is an educational toy. -- Tom Robbins
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women you've got in the house. -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
If Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live. -- Friends
If looks could kill it would've been us instead of him
If looks could kill they probably will in games without frontiers, war without tears. -- Peter Gabriel
If looks could kill, you would be an Uzi. -- Salt n Pepa
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question? -- Lily Tomlin
If love is the stuff that holds us together, then what's the sticky stuff on the bed? Spilt soda?
If marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have in-laws.
If marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
If marriage isn't a first priority in your life you're not married. -- Joseph Campbell (The Hero's Journey)
If masochism is a sin, would a masochist go to hell when he dies, or would heaven be a better punishment?
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
If memory serves (and if not, Rob and Sam will probably flame me)... -- Tim Showalter
If men are going to destroy the planet Earth and all its inhabitants with violence and wars, all men should be killed, to preserve the rest of human kind. -- Betsy Warrior
If men are so wicked with religion, what would they be without it? -- Ben Franklin
If men could get pregnant not only would abortions be legal but you could get them at McDonalds. -- John Ridley
If men got pregnant, women would rule the world.
If men were angels, we would need no government. But men are not angels. -- Aristotle
If milk is only 2%, what's in the other 98%?
If Milli Vanilli falls down in the woods, does someone else make a sound?
If Mohammed thinks the mountain is coming to him, he should get off the drugs.
If money can't buy happiness why do all dates begin at the cash machine? Why ask why.
If money can't buy happiness, can money at least lease it?
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
If money could talk, it would say goodbye.
If money stopped buying things, I'd lose interest in it.
If more than one person is responsible for a bug, no one is at fault.
If Moses had been a committee, the Israelites would still be in Egypt.
If moths like the light so much, why don't we see them during the day? Because they're all six inches from the sun bashing into it.
If moths like the light so much, why don't we see them during the day?
If Mr. Clinton comes to North Carolina, he'd better bring a bodyguard. -- Jesse Helms
If munchkins are donut holes, how do we get Bavarian Creme and Jelly munchkins? Those particular donuts have no holes. -- John Dobbin
If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
If my film makes one more person miserable, I'll feel like I've done my job.
If my mind had the power to heal me, you would think it would also have the power to keep me out of graduate school. No such luck. -- Lynda Callicotte
If my wife and I have an argument and decide to call Dr. Laura, I'm going to have my wife call because Dr. Laura always jumps all over the person on the phone and takes the other person's side and that way I win.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
If necessity is the mother of invention, how come so much unnecessary stuff is invented?
If Neil Armstrong had dropped his pants on the moon, would he have been accused of earthing someone? -- Jay Leno
If Newt says he's revolting, who am I to argue?
If Newt wrote this, it would be worth $4 Million.
If no one ever took risks, Michelangelo would have painted the Sistine floor. -- Neil Simon
If no one out there understands, start your own revolution and cut out the middle man. -- Billy Bragg
If no one uses it, there's a reason.
If Noah had been truly wise, he would have swatted those two flies. -- Helen Castle
If nobody measures up, check your yardstick.
If not controlled, work flows to the competent person until he is submerged.
If nothing beats a Bud, given the choice, I'd take the nothing...
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON, how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan?
If novelty was the essential ingredient of modern art, then repetition is the hallmark of postmodern craft. -- Joel Achenbach
If OLE is OO then I'm the pope. PS: For those not in the know, I amn't the pope. -- Robert Harley
If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?
If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination. -- Thomas De Quincey
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. -- Henry David Thoreau
If one can be famous for being famous, can one be guilty of being thought guilty? -- Suzanne Garment
If one cannot catch a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen. -- Nikita Khruschev
If one of the channels didn't suck, why would you need the other, uh, 327? -- Beavis
If one of these Upper Paleolithic guys killed a mammoth, and occasionally they did, they probably didn't stop talking about it for ten years. -- Olga Soffer (on what is now believed about Ice Age life)
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If one word does not succeed, ten thousand are of no avail.
If only Einstein had a 486DX-33.... like I do...
If only Einstein had a 486DX-33....
If only God would give me a clear sign, like a large deposit in my name in a swiss bank. -- Woody Allen
If only god would give me a sign... like making a large deposit in my name to a swiss bank account. -- Woody Allen
If only God would give me some clear sign Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank. -- Woody Allen (Without Feathers)
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If only I could find food that contained cow noses! -- Megan Coughlin
If only I could kill the killer. -- Alanis Morissette
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
If only one price can be obtained for a quote, the price will be unreasonable.
If only they had used their terminals for niceness instead of evil.
If only we wanted to be happy, it would be easy; but we want to be happier than other people, which is difficult, since we think them happier than they are. -- Montesquieu
If only women came with pulldown menus and online help.
If opening the refrigerator door causes stray animals from a three-block radius to congregate outside your house, the meat is spoiled.
If our country believes in free speech, why do we have phone bills?
If our knees bent the other way, what would a chair look like?
If particular care and attention are not paid to the ladies, we are determined to foment a rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any laws in which we have no voice or representation. -- Abigail Adams (In a letter to her husband John)
If people ate what they killed, there would be no more wars.
If people can sue the tobacco companies because they chose to smoke cigarettes, could I sue the credit card companies for letting me get deeply in debt?
If people can walk barefooted, can bears walk people footed?
if people dislike our government so much, why do so many line up to become citizens? -- Tom Clancy
If people have that much free time, they should give it to me. -- Aleecia McDonald
If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn't seem to wonderful after all. -- Michelangelo
If photons are catholic, then light has mass.
If plugging it in doesn't help, turn it on.
If possession is nine tenths of the law, then what is exorcism?
If possible, try to find a way to come downstairs that doesn't involve going bump,bump,bump, on the back of your head. -- Pooh (A.A. Milne)
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters. -- Nora Ephron
If President Nixon's secretary, Rosemary Woods, had been Moses' secretary, there would only be eight commandments. -- Art Buchwald
If presidents don't do it to their wives, they do it to the country. -- Mel Brooks
If pro and con are opposites, is Congress the opposite of progress?
IF public THEN !dick. It's a simple rule. -- Dean Cookson
If puns are outlawed, only outlaws will have puns.
If Q was female, would he be called O?
If Q were castrated would he become ... O ???
If quantum mechanics hasn't profoundly shocked you, you haven't understood it yet. -- Niels Bohr
If R is Reverse, how come D is FORWARD?
If rabbits feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit
If rabbits feet are so lucky,what happened to the rabbit
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If rich, eat when you please. If poor, eat when you can.
If Rohit told you to jump off a bridge, would you? Wait, don't answer that. -- John Dobbin
If Satan ever loses his hair, there'll be hell toupee.
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability. -- Vannevar Bush
If scientists really want to end world hunger, all they have to do is figure out how my body turns two ounces of sour cream into five pounds of fat.
If sh*t were wit, you'd be a cesspool. -- Adam Rifkin
If she comes at you with an orangestick and nail polish, be warned: SHE's BEEN DRINKING. Malt liquor and manicures don't mix. Come to think of it, not much does mix with malt liquor so I suggest you drink fast. -- Ridgely Schantz
If she screams, lick it again.
If she tries to blackmail me, I'll throw her out a higher window. -- Max Schreck
If smoking doesn't kill you, tobacco prices will!!!
If some guy is 6-foot-5 with gigantic muscles and incredibly handsome, why does he need to put on a batsuit? Why doesn't he just put on a ski mask and kick the crap out of people? -- Tim Burton
If some little snotty anarchist with an Apple Mac and an attitude thinks he invented dance music and the big rock group is coming into his territory, (that's) ridiculous. -- Bono
If some people call a quiz a quizacle, then what do they call a test?
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If some people lived up to their ideals, they would be stooping.
If some unemployed punk in Trenton, New Jersey lying on a sofa with a bong can get a cassette to make love to Elle McPherson for $19.95, this virtual reality stuff is going to make crack look like Sanka. -- Dennis Miller
If somebody tells you that he's a pathological liar, should you believe him? -- Jaime Roman, Jr.
If someone bothers you, ask him to stop. If he does not stop, destroy him. -- Anton LaVey
If someone breaks your heart, just punch them in the head. Oh sure, it seems obvious now, but you'd be amazed at how many people don't think of it when it's relevant. Just punch them in the head. And then go get some ice cream. -- R.M. Weiner
If someone dies from a heart attack, throw him into the flames! More meat for the meat eaters! -- Denis Leary
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder. -- Pope John Paul I
If someone has a mid-life crisis while playing hide & seek, does he automatically lose because he can't find himself?
If someone is claiming optimality, you know something is wrong. -- Richard Karp at FCRC'93
If someone is unscrupulous and apathetic, can we say they lack principle and interest?
If someone says he will do something without fail, he won't. -- Ozman's Law
If someone tells you that the fully armored man of the Middle Ages was so encumbered by his armor that he could not rise if he fell, you may well ask yourself, first, if it is reasonable to assume that professional soldiers would go on wearing armor that kept them from fighting... -- Nicole Sebastiani
If someone thinks we're not after Lotus and after WordPerfect and after Borland, they're confused.... My job is to get a fair share of the software applications market, and to me that's 100 percent. -- Mike Maples (as quoted by James Gleick)
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, is it considered a hostage situation?
If someone would be kind enough to invent the technology, I'll be pleased to beam it directly into your cortex. We'll have the city edition, the late city edition and the mind-meld edition. -- The New York Times
If something cool happens, don't try to reenact it 25 years later because you're a scumbag and have no life and want to milk it. We've seen many a violation of this simple rule. Kung Fu, the Legend Continues. The Rolling Stones. And Greedstock 94. -- Baked Potatoes
If something goes wrong, it is more important to talk about who is going to fix it, than who is to blame. -- Francis J. Gable
If something is confidential, it will be left in the copier machine.
If something is so complicated that you can't explain it in 10 seconds, then it's probably not worth knowing anyway. -- Bill Watterson
If something's hard to do, it's not worth doing. -- Homer Simpson
If something's not fun, why do it? -- Chuck Yeager (Press On)
If something's worth doing, it's worth doing for money. -- Wall Street
If space is a vacuum, who changes the bag?
If speed scares you, buy Windows 3.1
If speed scares you, try Micro$oft Windows.
If speed scares you, try Windows...
If SUCCESS consisted simply of not taking chances, then GLORY would be at the disposal of the most mediocre talent!
If such a blatent, grauitous, and sinful celebration of violence and anti-social behavior should offend you, we suggest the following: 1. Go f*** yourself. 2. Go f*** yourself again. -- disclaimer (xevil.com)
If summer in Washington (state) falls on a weekend everyone goes on a picnic. -- Seattle saying
If Sun buys Apple, would the company be called Snapple?
If Superman is so clever, why does he wear his underwear OVER his pants?
If swimming is good for shape, then why do the whales look like the way they do?
If teal is not really a color, are people who actually wearing it not wearing anything at all? Would you kiss and teal?
If technology ever worked, we would all be unemployed.
If tempted by something that feels 'altruistic,' examine your motives and root out that self-deception. Then, if you still want to do it, wallow in it -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
if Tequila from Hard Boiled can chew a toothpick and smoke a cigarette and blow away countless hordes of bad guys in a tea room all at the same time, I think you can probably smoke and have sex at the same time. And if you're smoking and chewing a toothpick and having sex and killing people with a semi-automatic pistol in each hand, you're like really unbelievably cool. Fuck homework, I'm watching Hard Boiled again tonight. -- Adam Rixey
If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem. -- C. Durance
If that makes your lawyers or managers happy, well, good for them. You still have a lot to worry about. -- Tom Christiansen (note on the Perl Y2K disclaimer)
If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's hairdo go down? -- Robin Williams
If the 1890's were the "Gay Nineties", then WHAT are the 1990's?
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it. -- Stanley Garn
If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year killing everyone inside. -- Robert Cringely
If the automobile had followed the same development cyclee as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. -- Robert Cringely
If the baby does not thrive on raw milk, boil it.
If the bug database isn't in the same realm of importance as the source control system then you don't need to go any further to explain quality problems. -- Martin Frankel
If the bullets are big enough, NOTHING is bulletproof.
If the Catholic church couldn't stop Galileo, then governments won't be able to stop things now. -- Carlo de Benedetti of Olivetti on the folly of trying to regulate information technology
If the Cincinnati Reds were really the first major league baseball team, who did they play? -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
If the code and comments disagree, then both are probably wrong. -- Norm Schryer
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong. -- Norm Schryer
If the cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
If the cost of college continues to rise, young people could make a fortune staying stupid.
If the creator had a purpose is equipping us with a neck, he surely meant us to stick it out. -- Arthur Koestler
If the desire to kill and the opportunity to kill always came together, who would escape hanging? -- Mark Twain
If the driver makes a mistake, a giant ? lights up in the center of the dashboard. The experienced driver, says Ken Thompson, will usually know what's wrong.
If the end does not justify the means - what can? -- Edward Abbey
If the ends don't justify the means, then what does? -- Robert Moses
If the enemy is in range, so are you. Incoming fire has the right of way. There is always a way. The easy way is always mined. Try to look unimportant, they may be low on ammo. Professionals are predictable, it's the amateurs that are dangerous. The enemy invariably attacks on two occasions: when you're ready for them, and when you're not ready for them. Teamwork is essential, it gives them someone else to shoot at. If you can't remember, then the claymore is pointed at you. The enemy diversion you have been ignoring will be the main attack. A 'sucking chest wound' is nature's way of telling you to slow down. If your attack is going well you have walked into an ambush. Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you. Anything you do can get you shot, including nothing. Make it tough enough for the enemy to get in and you won't be able to get out. Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than yourself. If you're short of everything but the enemy, you're in a combat zone. When you have secured an area, don't forget to tell the enemy. Never forget that your weapon is made by the lowest bidder. Remember, once you pull the pin, Mr. Hand Grenade is no longer your friend. It's not the bullet with your name on it you have to worry about, it's all those other ones labeled 'occupant'. -- The Laws of Combat
If the enemy is in range, so are you.
If the evidence doesn't seem to fit a particular conspiracy theory, just create a bigger conspiracy theory. -- Robert D. Hicks (In Pursuit of Satan)
If the facts do not conform to your theory, they must be disposed of.
If the featured item on the Kid's Menu is Prime Rib, you may want to find a less expensive place to do lunch.
If the Force is so f***ing powerful, why can't Yoda clean the ship, too? -- Rohit Khare
If the force so strong with Yoda is, why in proper order a sentence contruct cannot he?
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. -- George Washington
If the funeral procession is at night, do folks drive with their lights off?
If the good Lord had intended us to walk he wouldn't have invented roller-skates. -- Willy Wonka
If the heart is empty, what's in the head doesn't matter. -- Dicky Fox (Jerry Maguire)
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple that we couldn't.
If the human mind were simple enough to understand, we'd be too simple to understand it. -- Pat Bahn
If the idea of a protocol behaving like a rabid, diseased sex-crased bunny rabbit appeals to you, AppleTalk is for you. -- John Kennedy
If the ionization-rate is constant for all ectoplasmic entities, we can really bust some heads... in a spiritual sense... -- Ghostbusters
If the kids act up we'll just lick their little butts! -- Thanh Boyer
If the king, at noonday, says it is night, behold the stars.
If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me -- Ma Ferguson (Governor of Texas, circa 1920)
If the light serves to see, it also serves to be seen.
If the lights are too bright, kvetch! -- Billy Joel
If the moon hit your eye like a big pizza pie, it might be amore, but I'd be more worried about the interplanetary gravitational effects from this cataclysmic event. -- Paul Paternoster
if the network is the computer, then the computer SUCKS. -- Nathan Torkington
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
If the opposite of pro is con, then what's the opposite of progress?
If the plural of tooth is teeth, shouldn't the plural of booth be beeth?
If the prayers of dogs were answered, bones would rain from the sky.
If the present Congress errs in too much talking, how can it be otherwise, in a body to which the people send one hundred and fifty lawyers, whose trade it is to question everything, yield nothing, and talk by the hour? That one hundred and fifty lawyers should do business together, ought not to be expected. -- Thomas Jefferson
If the price of peace is the blackening of my name, I will gladly take it. -- Michael Collins
If the problems we have to solve were simple then we'd be paid minimum wage.
If the product breaks after the 1-year warranty period, it's cheaper to get it replaced than to have it repaired. -- G.E. answering machine documentation
If the professor from gilligan's island could make a microwave of two coconuts and gilligan's hat, how come he couldn't fix the boat?
If the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst at once into the sky that would be like the splendor of the Mighty One... I am become Death, the Shatterer of Worlds. -- J. Robert Oppenheimer (quoting "The Bhagavad Gita", 1945)
If the shoe fits, buy it. -- Imelda Marcos
If the shoe fits, it's the ugliest shoe you have ever seen.
If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
If the shoe fits, put it in your mouth.
If the shoe fits, try wearing it on the other foot; that's bound to make you feel better.
If The Shoe Fits... The Sock Fits!
If the shoe were on the other foot, Microsoft would have left it in and called it a feature. -- Derren Whiteman
If the stock market takes a dive, guess who Newt Gingrich will blame?
If the style guide was enforced by FrontPage, Composer, and a LEAD PIPE it sure would! -- Chris Hanson (on whether a new style guide would be used)
If the teacher taught, why isn't it true that the preacher praught?
If the thunder don't get you, then the lightning will.
If the universe is expanding, why can't I find a parking space?
If the women don't find you handsome, they will find you handy.
If the word elevate means to rise, then what do you call an elevator that is going down?
If the world comes to an end, I want to be in Cincinnati. Everything comes there ten years later. -- Will Rogers
If the world was a logical place, men would ride horseback sidesaddle.
If the world were clear, art would have no purpose. -- Albert Camus
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions? -- Scott Adams
If there be any truer measure of a man than by what he does, it must be by what he gives. -- Robert South
If there is a 50-50 chance that something can go wrong, then 9 times out of ten it will. -- Paul Harvey
If there is a God, how come he allows Bonnie Langford to exist?
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
If there is a steady paycheck in it, I'll believe anything you tell me. -- Ghostbusters
If there is a way to delay in important decision, the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it. -- Parkinson (Parkinson's Fifth Law)
If there is any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again. -- William Penn
If there is anyone here that I have not offended, I deeply apologize. -- Brahms
If there is going to be a Big Brother in the United States, it is going to be us -- the FBI. -- Paul George (Supervisory Special Agent, Michigan Bureau, FBI)
If there is no God, then who pops up the next Kleenex? -- Art Hoppe
If there is no happy ending, make one out of cookie dough.
If there is no wind, row. (Polish proverb)
If there is something laudable, make sure that it is audible. -- Madge M. Mullin
If there was a nuclear bombing, would I be alive to care?
If there was a wait for Q to show up, would there be a Q-wait?
If there was one thing Jeff hated, it was mousse, except when it was for dessert and chocolate.
If there were a verb meaning "to believe falsely," it would not have any significant first person, present indicative. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
If there were in the world today a large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others we could have a paradise in a few years. -- Bertrand Russell
If there were no schools to take the children away from home... the insane asylum would be filled with mothers. -- Edgar Watson Howe
If there's anything here more important than my ego, I want it dragged out and shot immediately. -- Zaphod Beeblebrox
If there's anything I can do for you, or, more to the point, to you... -- Real Genius
If there's more than one way to do a job and one of those ways will end in disaster, then someone will do it that way. -- Edward Murphy, Jr. ("Murphy's Law", frequently misquoted as "Anything that can go wrong will.")
If there's no bottom in your eyes, they hold more. -- Hazel Motes
If there's nothing wrong with me, then there must be something wrong with the universe. -- Dr. Crusher
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's intolerance.
If there's something you can do, or dream you can, begin it. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don't have to worry about the answers. -- Thomas Pynchon
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can do SOMETHING with you.
If they could easily perceive themselves and others as part of a network, children would teach us all sorts of new ways of socializing and communicating. We need children to accelerate this for us because we are too ingrained in traditional modes to see the breakthrough applications that we could be building in fields like education and recreation. -- Gayl Lepore
If they don't want us to drink and drive, why do you have to show a driver's license to buy beer?
If they ever come up with a swashbuckling school, I think one of the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something. -- Jack Handey
If they had Nautilus on the Concorde, I would work out all the time. -- Linda Evangelista
If they hadn't of done what I told them not to do, they'd still be alive. -- Mr. Blonde (Reservoir Dogs)
If they laid all the coeds from Yale end to end...I wouldn't be surprised. -- Dorothy Parker
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
If they'll protect a scumbag like me, then they'll protect all of you. -- Larry Flynt
If things appear to be going well, you have overlooked something.
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If things go wrong, don't go with them. -- Roger Babson
If this (Superbowl) is the ultimate game, why are they playing it again next year? -- Duane Thomas (1972 Superbowl VI)
If this continues I don't see how SGI can continue to allow reality to exist, or they could just change the guidelines so that customers won't be offended by anything they find there.
If this department has a grapevine, I am a raisin in another county. -- Berna Massingill
If this department has a grapevine, Rifkin would be something nut-based. -- Rohit Khare
If this department has a grapevine, she is the raisin bran. -- Rohit Khare
If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. -- Abraham Lincoln
If this is heaven, why am I bored out of my skull?
If this is time-sharing, give me my share right now. It's not time yet.
If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
If this posting makes you laugh *and* makes you angry, then I win! -- James "Kibo" Parry
If this saying did not exist, somebody would have invented it.
If this video was a turd, it would be, like, the same thing. Only if it was a turd, it would be kinda cool. -- Beavis and Butt-head
If this were a fight, they'd stop it. -- The Good Life
If this were a trial I think we could reach a verdict on the strong circumstantial evidence alone. -- Scott Adams
If this were an actual depression, the defensive comedy you just heard would be followed by unappreciative silence for not less than 48 hours... -- Rohit Khare
If this were an actual tagline, it would be funny.
If this were subjunctive, I'm in the wrong mood.
If three won't get the taste out of my mouth, one more's not gonna help.
If thy enemy wrong thee, buy each of his children a drum. -- Chinese Proverb
If Tim Pierce were to rmgroup a new newsgroup in a forest, and no one was around to read his control message and rather minimalistic explanation, would he make a sound? -- dcbrogde@cats.ucsc.edu
If time heals all wounds, how come belly-buttons don't fill in?
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If time heals all wounds, why does the belly button stay the same?
If time stopped, would we notice it?
If time were a color, I bet it would be a tasteful off-white. -- Greg Parrish
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was yesterday?
If today were a spider, I'd whack it clear into next week. -- Garfield
If tofu adds years to your life, they probably wouldn't be the best years. -- Garrison Keillor
If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason. -- Jack Handey
If triangles had a God, He'd have three sides. -- Yiddish proverb
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library? -- Lily Tomlin
If truth is stranger than fiction, you must be truth!
If two men agree on everything, you can be sure that one of them is doing the thinking. -- Lyndon Baines Johnson
If two men say the same thing, you can be sure one of them is lying. -- Irwin Corey
If two million people do a stupid thing, it is still a stupid thing.
If two people are in agreement, one is not needed.
If two people on the same job agree all the time, then one is useless. If they disagree all the time, then both are useless.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three. -- Laurence J. Peter
If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -- James Madison
If using a touch-tone, press random numbers while ordering. Ask the person taking the order to stop doing that.
If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the beige can of leftover Spam. -- Johnny Carson
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the beige can of leftover Span. -- Johnny Carson
If Vincent Foster had a gun, he'd still be alive today.
If Virginia wears Georgia's New Jersey, what will Delaware? Idaho, but Alaska.
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
If voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
If we are to begin packaging ourselves as boxes of cereal, Democracy will die... for you could not win the presidency without proving unworthy of the job. -- Adlai Stevenson
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, then why are they made of meat?
If we can get two women on the Supreme Court, surely we can get one on you. -- Reality Bites
If we can't fix it - it's broken
If we can't fix it -- we'll fix it so nobody can. -- B. Gibbons
If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
If we can't save the whale, we can't save anything. -- Sir Peter Scott
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can make the world safe for diversity. -- John F. Kennedy
If we could bottle it, we could cork it. -- Mike Palmer
If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace for an hour, imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting started.
If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each person's life, sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we would find in each man's life a sorrow and a suffering enough to disarm all hostility. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
If we do not succeed, then we run the risk of failure. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
If we don't change direction soon, we'll end up where we're going. -- Professor Irwin Corey
If we don't get some cool rules ourselves, pronto, we'll just be bogus, too. -- Dr. Jeff Spicolli
If we don't get some money soon, we will be arrested for impersonating the government.
If we don't know life, how can we know death? -- Confucius
If we had God booked and O.J. was available, we'd move God. -- Larry King
If we had some ham, we could have ham and eggs, if we had some eggs.
If we have a fantastic Internet and Java platform that also happens to run core productivity applications like Microsoft Office, we've got something pretty interesting. -- Steve Jobs (to Fortune, 11/98)
if we have enough bored cmu cs graduates here we could start our own consulting service. We provide the skilled boredom and pass the savings on to you! -- Dmitri Schoeman
If we keep doing this, we'll just be saying "YES!" at each other every day. -- Bruce Sherrod
If we keep doing what we're doing, we're going to keep getting what we're getting. -- Stephen Covey
If we knew what it is we were doing it would not be called research, would it? -- Rajit Manohar (Paraphrasing Einstein)
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
If we left the bones out it wouldn't be crunchy
If we left the bones out it wouldn't be crunchy.
If we lived near L.A., all the theatres would have stadium seating. On the other hand, we'd all be assholes. -- Dayv
If we resist our passions, it is more because of their weakness than because of our strength. -- Francois (duc de La Rochefoucauld)
If we set up a system that is optimized for surveillance, this government may not and probably won't use it. But then another government comes to power, one that sees the potential to use their 'keys' to destroy their opponents. It could be the last government we ever elect. -- Phil Zimmerman
If we simply don't think about this problem too hard, then this apparent paradox disappears. -- CS 20 student
If we still lived in the middle ages, the fact that the world is round would be a top secret, enabling us to attack the enemy from the rear. -- William S. Burroughs
if we want to hear your pathetic squealing, we'd bend you over the sofa and fuck you up the ass! -- Vijay Gill
If we were drowning in the ocean, and there was only one life preserver... I'd miss you terribly and think of you often. -- Shoebox
If we were meant to fly, we would not keep losing our luggage.
If we were perfect strangers, I might have loved you perfectly. -- The Mystery of Edwin Drood
If we weren't all crazy, we would go insane. -- Jimmy Buffet
If we weren't supposed to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
If we would guide by the light of reason, we must let our minds be bold. -- Louis Dembitz Brandeis
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
If William Shakespeare had a $100 million budget and computer-aided graphics, Hamlet might well have turned out very much like Terminator 2.
If Windows sucked it would be good for something.
If winning is not important, then why keep score? -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
If winning isn't important then why keep score?
If wishes were horses, dog food would be a lot cheaper.
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
If wit were waste, you would be a septic tank.
If women didn't have something men wanted, there'd be a bounty on their heads. -- Nietzche
If women ran the Pentagon, would missiles be shaped differently?
If women really want to be equal to us men, then why do they continue to outlive us?
If women wear a pair of pants, a pair of glasses, and a pair of earrings, why don't they wear a pair of bras?
If word gets out that I'm missing, 500 women will kill themselves. -- Blackadder IV
If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart; the spirit should not grow old. -- James A. Garfield
If writers were bakers, this sentence would be exactly a dozen words long. -- Douglas R Hofstadter
if yer offended by naked devil-women giving each other oral sex you shouldn't walk in and say "what kind of music do you listen to?" -- Axel Essbaum
If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. -- Edmund Wilson
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it. Quit work and play.
If you always tell the truth, you never have to remember what you said. -- Mark Twain
If you are a schizophrenic, then that makes four of us.
If you are always pressing the envelope, you will suffer many paper cuts. -- Scott Fahlman
If you are an anvil you will suffer like an anvil. If you are a hammer you will strike like a hammer.
If you are completely and self-deprecatingly truthful about how much you owe other people, the world at large will treat you like you did every bit of the invention yourself and are just being becomingly modest about your innate genius. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work. If you are really good, you will get out of it.
If you are grouchy, irritable, or just plain mean, there will be a $10 charge for putting up with you.
If you are having sex with two women and one more woman walks in, what do you have? Divorce proceedings, most likely.
If you are in a car traveling the speed of light, and you turn on your headlights, what happens?
If you are not prepared to shoulder personal responsibility, then you are not prepared to participate in American civilization. -- Newt Gingrich (To Renew America)
If you are one in a million, then there are 7 and a half of you in NYC.
If you are seated next to a small child, or someone who is acting like a child, put on your oxygen mask first.
If you are short of everything but the enemy, you are in a combat zone.
If you are trying to find yourself, ask if anyone has seen you lately. -- Fox's Kid's Club show
If you ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you ask people in the mainstream what they want, they'll say faster and smaller and cheaper. But with that you don't get innovation. If you align yourself with the ball-breaker, high-testosterone crowd, that leads to innovation. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
If you ate a hamburger in front of a Hindu, would he have a cow?
If you believe everything you read, better not read. -- Japanese proverb
If you believe in gambling, in the end you will sell your house.
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
If you believe that mathematician Andrew Wiles' proof of Fermat's last theorem has caused you or a member of your family to dress too provocatively, call (800) 555-9455. -- Mark Leyner (Jenny Jones: Postmodern Critique)
If you board the wrong train, it's no use running along the corridor in the other direction. -- Dietrich Bonhoeffer
If you break anything down into its subatomic particles, what *isn't* natural? Cheese Whiz? -- the ARs
If you break your legs, don't come running to me.
If you bring a gun to work, we'll fire you.
If you build it, they will come. -- Field of Dreams
If you buy Windows 95, you don't have to buy a copy of DOS as well. Thus DOS is no longer required. If you buy a ham that says "no cooking required," do you get irate when you learn that the ham was actually pre-cooked? If you buy a sealed car battery that "never needs water added," do you get irate when you learn that there is actually water sealed in the battery? -- Joe Barrera
If you buy your husband or boyfriend a video camera, for the first few weeks he has it, lock the door when you go to the bathroom. Most of my husband's early films end with a scream and a flush. -- Rita Rudner
If you call a fraternity a frat, what would you call a country?
If you call this a short staff, you oppose its reality. If you do not call it a short staff, you ignore the fact. Now what do you wish to call this? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
If you call yourself a Designer, quit design, take up a new occupation (like tax auditor), buy some non-black clothes, normal-sized glasses, burn your AIGA card, and do design only as a hobby for awhile. Seriously. -- Eric Eaton
If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. -- J. Paul Getty
If you can do something about it, why worry? If you can't do something about it, why worry? -- Old Indian Proverb
If you can dream it you can do it. Always remember that this whole thing was started by a mouse. -- Walt Disney
If you can dream it, you can do it. Go sleep.
If you can dream it, you can do it. -- Walt Disney
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, obviously you have no conception of the magnitude of the problem.
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, obviously you must be the headsman.
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, you must be at least a foot shorter than them.
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, you'll be the tallest person in the room.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you can only remain pure in your stupidity, someday you may get a phone call from hell. -- Charles Bukowski
If you can quantify it, it just doesn't matter. -- DJ Byrne
If you can read this you aren't looking through the Hubble telescope.
If you can read this, you're irrelevant. -- Borg
If you can read this, you're not looking through the Hubble Space Telescope.
If you can remember to say ALZHEIMERS each day, then you haven't got it.
If you can say Heimlich, you don't actually need it. -- Mad About You
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live. -- Lin Yutang
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to procrastinate and you're still going to have a shitload of work to do. -- Lesley Goodwin
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
If you can think up a company in your head, there are likely five other people who can do the same. [...] At last count, there were something like six venture-backed seafood exchanges. I doubt that the canneries are crying out for that much innovation just yet. -- J. William Gurley (General Partner, Benchmark Capital)
If you can wave a fan, and you can wave a club, can you wave a fan club?
If you can't be famous, try infamous.
If you can't be good, be careful. If you can't be careful, give me a call.
If you can't be offensive, WHY BOTHER?
If you can't beat 'em, make fun of 'em. -- Bruce Sherrod
If you can't beat 'em.......RUN!
If you can't beat em', mod em'.
If you can't change your mind, are you sure you have one?
If you can't convince them, confuse them. -- Harry S. Truman
If you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit.
If you can't debug it, deplug it.
If you can't elucidate, obfuscate.
If you can't explain it, you damn well shouldn't have written the code. -- Zalman Stern
If you can't explain it, you don't really understand it. -- Harley Hahn
If you can't find a screwdriver, use a knife. If you break off the tip, it's an improved screwdriver.
If you can't get them to listen to you any other way - tell them it's confidential.
If you can't giggle, tickle, scream, laugh, run around the room naked, pour liqueur on each other and lick it off, tie each other down, have whipped cream fights, dance and sing with each other, then you are having sex with the person too soon... -- Just Another Dave
If you can't guess how he dies, kill yourself before you breed. -- Mr. Cranky
If you can't have fun with 38 9ft.lbs of torque, you can't have fun.
If you can't keep quiet, shut up! -- Gregory Ratoff (director of Intermezzo)
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'll laugh at you.
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
If you can't make it good, make it big.
If you can't make it good, make it LOOK good. -- Bill Gates
If you can't remember, the claymore is always pointed at you.
If you can't run with the big dogs, you'd better stay on the porch!
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me. -- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
If you can't say something nice, learn a foreign language so you can say it anyway.
If you can't steal from your friends, you have the wrong friends. -- Richard Goodman
If you can't take a little bloody nose maybe you ought to go back home and crawl under your bed. It's not safe out here. It's wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross, but it's not for the timid. -- Q (Star Trek: The Next Generation)
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the dragon. -- Scott Fahlman (With apologies to Harry S. Truman)
If you can't tell when you're terminated, you were never really alive anyway... -- John Dobbin
If you can't tie good knots... tie many.
If you can't trust me with a choice, how can you trust me with an imported, semi-automatic assault rifle? -- Bruce Sherrod
If you can't write your idea on the back of my calling card, you don't have a clear idea. -- David Belasco
If you cannot be free, be as free as you can. -- Scent of the Roses
If you cannot convince them, confuse them. -- Harry S. Truman
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance. -- George Bernard Shaw
If you cannot hope for order, withdraw with style from the chaos. -- Stoppard
If you carried all the misery you've seen on your back you'd never get up in the morning. -- John Updike (Rabbit is Rich)
If you carry with you your childhood, you never become older. -- Abraham Sutzkever
If you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice. -- Rush (Freewill)
If you choose not to live in a cluster, uh, dorm... -- Jim Zelenka
If you commit a crime, you are guilty. -- Rush Limbaugh
If you complain once more, you'll meet an army of me. -- Bjork
If you consistently take an antagonistic approach, however, people are going to start thinking you're from New York. -- Larry Wall
If you continually give you will continually have.
If you copy from one author it's plagiarism. If you copy from two, it's research. -- Wilson Mizner
If you could be anything I wanted you to be, what would you be?
If you could clone something and bring it back to life, would dinosaurs be YOUR first choice? -- Jim Mullen
If you could see the you that I see when I see you seein' me, you'd see yourself so differently. Believe me. -- Henry Rollins
If you cut off a limb while using a power tool, so what? That's why there's duct tape and staple guns. If someone tries to drive you to the hospital after a heart attack or maiming, punch him in the throat. -- Denis Leary
If you deliberately set out to be less than you are capable, you'll be unhappy for the rest of your life. -- Abraham Maslow
If you design systems as though your immortal soul depended on them, then you will tend to build more reliable systems. -- Electric Communities (Dicing with the Devil: An Introduction to Secure Protocol Design Using E Examples)
If you did what you always did, you'll get what you always got.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
If you didn't vote, you have no right to complain.
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it. -- Slous
If you do bad things in the vicinity of a rock and roll record, chances are you were sick before you got there. -- Frank Zappa
If you do everything, you'll win. -- Lyndon Baines Johnson
If you do not change your direction, you may end where you are headed.
If you do not keep up your payments to your exorcist, you will be repossessed.
If you do not know how to die, never mind. Nature will give you full and adequate instruction on the spot. She will do this job for you neatly; do not worry yourself with the thought. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
If you do not understand a particular word in a piece of technical writing, ignore it. The piece will make perfect sense without it. -- Ron Dippold
If you do not understand my silence you will not understand my words.
If you do not wish a thing heard, do not say it. -- Klingon proverb
If you do some research with significant consultation with a TA or somebody else, then you should ask the TA (or others) whether they want to be co-authors on the paper. This is a good policy whether the issue is authorship lists for papers from this class or any other kind of paper. Note that the question here is not whether somebody who has more power than you (eg. TAs, faculty, bosses, etc.) have the right to their names on your papers. On the contrary, the question is one of courtesy. -- Mani Chandy
If you do something which you are sure will meet with everybody's approval, somebody won't like it.
If you do that for me, I'll kiss the feet you walk on. -- Thanh Boyer
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
If you don't believe in Dragons, it is curiously true, that the Dragons you disparage choose to not believe in you.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't drink and you don't smoke, you will probably die healthy.
If you don't expect too much from me, you might not be let down. -- Gin Blossoms
If you don't get a good night kiss, then you get Kafka dreams. -- Hobbes
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things that you don't get that you don't want.
If you don't get it, you don't get it. -- The Washington Post
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours. -- Clarence Day
If you don't go to somebody's funeral they won't come to yours. -- Yogi Bera
If you don't got MoJo NIXon, then your store could use some fixin. -- Dead Milkmen
If you don't grow up by age 35, you don't have to. -- James Gurney (Dinotopia)
If you don't have 36 bits, you're not playing with a full DEC. -- Peter da Silva
If you don't have a date, you can just go stud to the party. -- Adam Rifkin
If you don't have something good to say about someone.........let's hear it.
If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting. -- Dick Vermeil
if you don't know how to do this, chances are that you should NOT be doing this. Leave this sort of thing for the professionals. Given that warning, and being the sort of person who loves to give out rope so people can hang themselves, here we go: -- Vijay Gill
If you don't know what you're doing, do it neatly.
If you don't know what your program is supposed to do, you'd better not start writing it. -- Dijkstra's Prescription for Programming Inertia
If you don't know where you want to go, we'll make sure you get taken. -- Microsoft ad slogan (translated into Japanese)
If you don't know where you're going any road will take you there.
If you don't know where you're going, any road will take you there. -- Alice in Wonderland
If you don't like my music, then buy a radio that is louder than mine.
If you don't like my opinion of you - improve yourself!
If you don't like pointless fish death, avoid the pet section of your local Wal-Mart. If the blender exhibit is goldfish Columbine, Wal-Mart is goldfish Holocaust. -- Martin Frankel
If you don't like someone, the way he holds his spoon makes you furious; if you like him, he can turn his plate over into your lap and you won't mind. -- Irving Becker
If you don't like the news, go out and make some of your own. -- Bumper sticker
If you don't like the way I drive, get off my windshield!
If you don't like what you're doing, you can always pick up your needle and move to a different groove. -- Dr. Timothy Leary
If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people.
If you don't make dust, you eat dust.
If you don't say anything, you want be called on to repeat it. -- Calvin Coolidge
If you don't stand up for something, you'll fall for anything. -- Public Enemy
If you don't stop that this instant, I'll have Grandma perform another striptease for you. -- Top 5
If you don't think women are explosive, drop one.
If you don't think your wife remembers what you say, try using an excuse you used six months ago.
If you don't try new solutions, then you can expect new evils.
If you don't understand it, it must be intuitively obvious.
If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides of a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. -- Ray Bradbury (Fahrenheit 451)
If you don't want the stork to come, shoot in the air.
If you don't want to be replaced by a machine, don't act like one. -- Arno Penzias (Ideas and Information)
If you don't watch the violence, you'll never get desensitized to it. -- Bart Simpson
If you don't work, you die! -- Rudyard Kipling
If you dress well enough, everyone will presume you have a social life. -- N.Y. Times
If you drive a camaro, life just seems better. -- Rugburns
If you drive a car, I'll tax the street, if you try to sit, I'll tax your seat. If you get too cold I'll tax the heat, if you take a walk, I'll tax your feet. -- The Beatles
If you drop your keys into a river of molten lava, just let 'em go 'cause, man, they're gone. -- Jack Handey
If you eat the bread, then you should eat the crust too.
If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic. -- Jack Handey
If you ever crawl inside an old hollow log and go to sleep, and while you're in there some guys come and seal up both ends and then put it on a truck and take it to another city, boy, I don't know what to tell you. -- Jack Handey
If you ever get hit by a truck, you should try to get hit by a FedEx truck, because they'll definitely get you to a hospital within twenty-four hours. -- R.M. Weiner
If you ever get your tongue stuck to a flagpole, the best way to handle the situation is to take off all your clothes. Then people will say, "Hey, look at the naked guy!" instead of, "Hey, look at that idiot with his tongue stuck to a pole!" -- Craig Stacey
If you ever had sex with a machine, that's what it's like with me. 'Cause I'm like a sex machine. -- Butt-head
If you ever leave me, take the mongoose with you.
If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose. -- Jack Handey
If you ever see a CD by a group called Giant Sands from about 1992, buy it for me. I believe Juliana Hatfield does backup vocals on 3 cuts. -- Richard Goodman
If you ever see me getting beaten by the police, put down the video camera and come help me. -- Bobcat Goldthwait
If you ever wondered how you get triangles from a cow you need butter, milk, cheese and a equilateral chainsaw. -- Half Man Half Biscuit
If you explain so clearly that no one can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you feel that you have both feet planted on level ground, then the university has failed you. -- Robert Goheen (Princeton)
If you find a town which looks deserted, it's probably for a reason. Take the hint and stay away. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
If you find any ANSWERS in anything I have said, you have misunderstood me.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop diggin'. -- Texas Bix Bender
If you flame me, I'll whip you with a wet noodle. -- Robert Harley
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
If you freak her out and she winds up in the hospital then YOU WIN. -- Joshua Schachter
If you get angry at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich or famous or both.
If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up nude. That's a common mistake. You have to let nudity "happen." -- Jack Handey
If you get on a ferry with 200 drunken Danish soccer fans, well... you asked for it.
If you get out of the shower clean and dry off with a clean towel, then why do you have to wash the towel?
If you get them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
If you give a person a fish, they'll fish for a day. But if you train a person to fish, they'll fish for a lifetime. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it will always do it. -- Les Aspin, D. (Wisconsin)
If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you get change back.
If you give it anything higher than Yum-Wok, it'll seg-fault. -- Craig Nemecek
If you go back in time and track down Christopher Columbus you'll find he had a set of friends who kept babbling on about how the trip to the new world was being done wrong and he should wait until ship designs were much better. They led much happier, more uneventful lives than he did, but there's a reason I didn't tell you their names: no one remembers, and no one cares. -- Faisal Jawdat
If you go flying back through time and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact. -- Jack Handey
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce -- Winston Churchill
If you go through life with people constantly staring at you and pointing, you tend to get the idea that you're not pleasing to look at. -- John Dobbin
If you go to a costume party at your boss's house, wouldn't you think a good costume would be to dress up like the boss's wife? Trust me, it's not. -- Jack Handey
If you go to a radio station and shoot the receptionist, will the station's reception get worse?
If you go to bed 9 hours before you have to wake up, and you wife wants to have 2 hours of sex, how much sleep will you get? 8 hours, 59 minutes - who cares what she wants!
If you go to school with 1,500 kids in cheap chinos and brew-thru tshirts, 50% of them wear baseball caps and %75 percent like emmet swimming while %23 prefer pearl jam, how many people do you know that totally suck? Also, if %97 of the girls squeal a LOT and talk about beer, how many do you kill? -- Kristiina Wilson
If you go to the family reunion to meet women. -- Jeff Foxworthy
If you got on a bus filled with homosexuals, would you get off?
If you got the money, honey, we've got your disease. -- Guns n Roses
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
If you had any doubts about what the fate of over five years of largely worthless Director content would be, make no mistake: it's coming to the Web in its full Grandma Bear On Quaaludes, Around-the-World in 80 Miserable Minutes, Mix-Your-Own David Bowie Digizine glory. -- Suck
If you had been sawing real wood, you'd have wiped out half the tropical rain forest!
If you hadn't dropped out of school before you were qualified to TAKE software engineering, you would undoubtedly have learned that the standard software engineering curriculum heavily recommends comments, formal design methodology, and all sorts of other totally useless bullshit. -- Nathaniel Borenstein to Zalman Stern
If you happen to fall off the Sears Tower go real limp because people on the ground might think you are a dummy and try and catch you, because, Hey: Free Dummy. -- Jack Handey
If you happen to see two of those thick metal plates that cover up holes in the road close together, GO AROUND THEM! Road rash sucks. -- Ed Marsh, Jr.
If you hate a person, you hate something in that person that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us. -- Hermann Hesse
If you hate something, don't you do it too. -- Pearl Jam
If you have $100,000 to spare for your love, then head for New York's Waldorf Towers for its Ultimate Fantasy. The package includes a lavish suite, dinner, a Broadway show, a helicopter tour, a haircut and styling for the grand outing, a $10,000 shopping spree at Saks Fifth Avenue, oh, yes, a $92,000 red Mercedes Benz SL500.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
If you have any trouble sounding condescending, find a Unix user to show you how it's done. -- Scott Adams
If you have any understanding of government at all, you will not want us to get involved. -- Santa Cruz mayor (when asked by the "Surfers" to do something about the "Kayakers" who were taking all of their "good waves")
If you have been to Moscow during Soviet times, you will probably remember paying almost nothing to be ignored by a waiter in a restaurant. Now you pay a fortune to be ignored by ten waiters. -- Ken Thompson
If you have built your castles in the air, your work should not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. -- Thoreau
If you have many odds and ends and get rid of all but one, what do you call it?
If you have memorized the UNIX "find" command and all its options, you probably aren't getting enough fresh air and sunlight.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent. -- Bette Davis
If you have not done these things, you should. These things are fun, and fun is good. -- Dr. Seuss
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you have nothing to say, please only say it once.
If you have sex with a cow, you basically win. -- Terry Rokop
If you have the choice between humble and cocky, go with cocky. There's always time to be humble later, once you've been proven horrendously, irrevocably wrong. -- prcpj@panix.com
If you have the freedom to do what you want, you have to pay a price. And that price is almost always stability. Except for SML, in which the price is your sanity. -- Sean Simmons
If you have the means, I highly recommend it. It is so choice. -- Ferris Bueller
If you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you. When you lose interest in a program, your last duty to it is to hand it off to a competent successor. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar",)
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
If you have to keep reminding yourself of a thing, perhaps it isn't so. -- Christopher Morley
If you have trouble getting your children's attention, just sit down and look comfortable.
If you have your TV hooked up to The Clapper and the commercial for The Clapper comes on, will your TV turn itself off when the actors in the commercial clap?
If you haven't heard the name Thresh before, there's a good reason: no one Ahhhh! A fictional character! -- Saul Devitt
If you hear an Onion ring, please answer it
If you hit a home run, you can take your time running the bases. -- Casey Stengel
If you ignore someone, does that make you ignorant?
If you insist upon telling the truth you had better make it funny or people will kill you.
If you involved in too many things, the only thing you will excel at is being busy. -- Roland Gustafsson
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior. -- A. J. Liebling
If you just want the best, turn to yourself for the rest, and forget about the ones who have it all. Be careful of the ones who have it all. -- Bad Religion
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
If you kick someone's ass, it's the greatest feeling in the world. I know from my personal Vietnam. -- Howard Stern
If you kill one person, you are an assassin. If you kill a million people, you are a conquerer. If you kill everyone, you are a god. -- Conrad Bland
If you kiss a bird you could contract chirpies, a canarial disease that's untweetable!
If you knew today was your last day on earth, what would you do different? Especially if, by doing something different, today might not be your last day on earth. -- Bill Watterson
If you knew what Mona Lisa knew, you'd smile too.
If you leave the room, you're elected.
If you leave the smallest corner of your head vacant for a moment, other people's opinions will rush in from all quarters. -- George Bernard Shaw
If you let them kill your dreams you've already given them permission to kill you. -- John Dobbin
If you lie down with the dogs you'll wake up with the fleas. Of course if you're sleeping with dogs you probably don't care who you wake up with.
If you like caffeine and can't stand coffee, drink Mountain Dew. If you drink a case of the stuff within a short amount of time, you can't blink. It's really cool. -- David Paul White
If you listen to fools the Mob Rules! (R.J. Dio)
If you lit a match there, it would explode. -- Howard Stern
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee. -- Graham Summer
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred. -- George Burns
If you look at my earliest papers, they always emphasized coexistence and transition. But people just won't listen. People are so keen on one language that they forget that the world is much too complex for that. -- Bjarne Stroustrup
If you look at the artists, if they get really good, it always occurs to them at some point that they can do this one thing for the rest of their lives, and they can be really successful to the outside world but not really be successful to themselves. That's the moment that an artist really decides who he or she is. If they keep on risking failure, they're still artists. -- Steve Jobs
If you look just close enough, you can see anything you want.
If you look like your father, that's heredity. If you look like your neighbor, that's environment.
If you look like your passport photo you need the trip.
If you love somebody, set them free. Unless it's your dog, because there are leash laws around here, and you probably have at least one psychotic neighbor who will call Animal Control on your butt. -- Rich Potter
If you love something, set it free. If it doesn't return, hunt it down and kill it.
If you make a mistake you right it immediately to the best of your ability.
If you make a mistake, you right it immediately to the best of your ability.
If you make people think they are thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think, they'll hate you.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
If you make yourself honey, the flies will eat you.
If you meet Ken Thompson on the road, kill him.
If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody in the whole wide world, don't trust him. It means he experiments.
If you melt dry ice in a pool and go swimming, will you get wet?
If you mess with something long enough it'll break.
If you milk a bull he will be your friend for life. -- Yakov Smirnov
If you miss the beginning, hang it up. -- Slacker
If you must choose between the lesser of two evils, choose the one you've never tried before.
If you must drink, please don't drive. Don't even putt.
If you must lose, lose hard.
If you need a calculator, its too complex.
If you need a friend, get a dog. -- Wall Street
If you need a love doctor, I have like a medicated degree. -- Butt-head
If you never step over the line, you'll never find out where it is.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. -- Maslow
If you only knew the power of the Dark Side. -- Darth Vader
If you open your mind too much, your brain falls out.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys. -- James Goldsmith
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. That is the principal difference between a dog and a man. -- Mark Twain
If you placed all the blood vessels in your body end to end, you'd be dead. -- Nikki Gustas
If you plan to face tomorrow do it soon. -- Gordon Lightfoot
If you play a blank tape at full volume and have a mime for a neighbor, will he complain?
If you play a country song backwards, you get your truck, your job, and your wife back.
If you play a new age song backwards, you get a new age song.
If you prick me, do I not... Leak? -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you flick our ears, do we not go 'Ow! Ow! My ears!?' -- Curried Goat
If you push the ``extra ice'' button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice. If you push the ``no ice'' button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
If you push the extra ice button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice. If you push the no ice button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
If you put a hungry ferret in your trousers, he'll run around. -- Spinal Tap
If you put an infinite amount of monkeys in front of an infinite amount of typewriters, they'd eventually produce the entire works of Shakespeare. Do the same with humans and computers and you get Windows NT. Score: Monkeys 1, Humans 0 -- Jordan Hardgrove
If you put four fraternity boys together, there's always a fifth.
If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage. But this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and none dare criticize it.
If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage. But this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and none dare criticize it.
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand. -- Milton Friedman
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant. -- Snoopy
If you read a lot of books, you're considered well-read. But if you watch a lot of TV, you're not considered well-viewed. -- Lily Tomlin
If you really liked me, you'd lick the freezing flagpole.
If you REALLY loved me, you'd allow me to manipulate you.
If you really want a gourmet meal, try Beanie Weenies with soda crackers and a big dill pickle.
If you really want to impress people with your computer literacy, add the words "dot com" to the end of everything you say, dot com.
If you really want to know, you won't ask me.
If you really want to lose weight, there are only three things you must give up: Breakfast, lunch, and dinner!
If you really want to pass this barrier, you should feel like drinking a hot iron ball that you can neither swallow nor spit out. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach, page 259)
If you redo a batch file, is it a son of a batch?
If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.
If you repeat the name of the gift, you can't possibly like it. -- Jerry Seinfeld
If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees. -- Khalil Gibran
If you sat a monkey down in front of a keyboard, the first thing typed would be a unix command. -- Bill Lye
If you save for a rainy day, the IRS will declare a hurricane.
If you save one life, it is as if you saved the world.
If you save the world too often, it begins to expect it.
If you saw a heat wave, would you wave back?
If you say Java again I'm going to puke. -- Dave Winer
If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck. (Satellite Safety Tip #14)
If you see a camera, like this guy right here, spit on him! -- Green Day
If you see a sign that says 'say no to crack' and it reminds you to pull up your pants. -- Jeff Foxworthy
If you see an onion ring, ANSWER IT!
If you see him riding on a bamboo cane, say to him, "Good health to your horse."
If you see two life forms, one of them's making a poop, the other one's carrying it for him, who would you assume is in charge? -- Jerry Seinfeld
If you shoot me with .25 ACP, and I find out about it, I'll kick your ass. -- Dan Martinez
If you should die before me ask if you could bring a friend; pick a flower hold your breath and drift away. -- Stone Temple Pilots
If you smoke after sex, you're doing it too fast.
If you spend your whole life being told how wonderful you are, it's easy to get into a mode where you start believing that that entitles you to something and you don't have to work for it. -- John Dobbin
If you spent more time at home sleeping, you'd spend less time on the court sucking. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
If you stay up all night wondering where the sun is, it will dawn on you.
If you steal from an author is plagiarism, if you steal from many it's research.
If you step out that door, I'm changing the locks. -- Wall Street
If you still do not understand this process please shut off your computer and go home. -- Adam Kaplan
If you strike me down, I will become more powerful than you can POSSIBLY imagine! -- Ben Kenobi
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce, they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
If you take the bull by the horns, then what?
If you talk to God, you are praying; if god talks to you, you're schizophrenic. -- Lily Tomlin
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness. -- Jack Handey
If you think an ego trip takes a lot of baggage, you should try a guilt trip.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it. -- Reisner (Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia)
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance. -- Derek Bok (president of Harvard)
If you think health care is expensive now, wait until you see what it costs when it's free. -- PJ O'Rourke
If you think I wear the cloak of filth, then let me tell you baby, I wear it real good. -- Diamanda Galas
If you think it's easy being a politician, try to straddle a fence and keep both ears to the ground at the same time. -- The Globe and Mail
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow.
If you think my room is messy, you should see my sex life.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments. -- Earl Wilson
If you think nothing is impossible, try diluting water.
If you think nothing is impossible, try dribbling a football.
If you think nothing is impossible, try lighting a match on a piece of soap.
If you think nothing is impossible, try nailing Jello to a tree.
If you think nothing is impossible, try pushing toothpaste back into the tube.
If you think nothing is impossible, try skiing through a revolving door.
If you think OSHA is a small town in Wisconsin, you're in trouble.
If you think that it is noisy outside go into a quiet room and listen to your brain. -- Three Govinanda Badgercatcher
If you think that there is good in everyone, you haven't met everyone.
If you think the 13,000 guys at Microsoft who aren't millionaires yet are going to show some restraint, you're in for a surprise. -- Andy Nicholson (andyni@microsoft.com)
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it. -- Arthur Kasspe
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world? -- Richard Nixon
If you think this fortune is confusing, then change one pig.
If you think you can drive a bargain - buy a second hand car.
If you think you can, or if you think you can't... you're right!
If you think you've seen everything in Paris, visit the Pere Lachasis Cemetery. It boasts such immortals as Moliere, Jean de la Fontain, and Chopin.
If you thought yesterday was bad, wait till you see what happens today.
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty litter?
If you throw a cat out the car window, is it kitty litter?
If you throw a red stone into the blue sea what it will become? Wet.
If you throw enough stuff against the wall, something will stick.
If you tied buttered toast to the back of a cat, and dropped it from a height, on which side would it land?
If you told me to write a love song tonight, I'd have a lot of trouble. But if you tell me to write a love song about a girl with a red dress who goes into a bar and is on her fifth martini and is falling off her chair, that's a lot easier, and it makes me free to say anything I want. -- Stephen Sondheim
If you took a standard slinky and stretched it out, it would measure 87 feet.
If you took all the sincerity in Hollywood and put it in the navel of a fruit fly, you'd still have room for three carraway seeds and a producer's heart. -- Fred Allen
If you took all the students that fell asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
If you took all the world's politicians, and put them in a long line around the equator, then that would be kinda cool. -- C Lund",
If you toss a penny 10000 times, it will not be heads 5000 times, but more like 4950. The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom.
If you travel to the States... they have a lot of different words than like what we use. For instance: they say 'elevator', we say 'lift'; they say 'drapes', we say 'curtains'; they say 'president', we say 'seriously deranged git' -- Alexei Sayle
If you treat people right they will treat you right; 90 per cent of the time.
If you treat people right, they will treat you right. 90% of the time.
If you treat your beta-testers as if they're your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
If you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be standing at the business end of a hissy fit. -- Friends
If you try hard enough, you can blow a 50 minute lecture. -- Jerry Griffin
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
If you try to please everyone, no one will like it.
If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
If you try to write a paper for every conference that pops up its head you won't have any time for research. :) -- Joe Kiniry
If you understand everything, you must be misinformed. -- Japanese Proverb
If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything. -- Abraham Lincoln
If you use a waterbed as home plate while wearing baseball shoes, it does not leak. It explodes. A king size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2000 sq foot house 4 inches deep.
If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem.
If you voted for Clinton in the last election, you can't take a dump here. Your asshole is in Washington. -- Outback Steakhouse (men's room, Tacoma, Washington)
If you wait until you can do everything for everybody, instead of something for somebody, you'll end up not doing anything for anybody. -- Malcolm Bane
If you wake up and find yourself a success, then you haven't been asleep.
If you wake up Sleepy &amp; Grumpy, you must be Snow White.
If you walk the footsteps of a stranger, you'll learn things you never knew you never knew. -- Pocahontas
If you wanna change the world, shut your mouth. -- Cracker
If you want a language that tries to lock up all the sharp objects and fire-making implements, use Pascal or Ada: the Nerf languages, harmless fun for children of all ages, and they won't mar the furniture. -- Scott Fahlman
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on the human face -- forever... And remember that it is forever. -- George Orwell
If you want a place in the sun, you have to put up with a few blisters. -- Abigail Van Buren
If you want an application to be portable, you don't necessarily create an abstraction layer like a microkernel so much as you program intelligently. -- Linus "you don't want a device driver model anyway" Torvalds
If you want divine justice, die. -- Nick Seldon
If you want happiness for an hour take a nap. If you want happiness for a day go fishing. If you want happiness for a year inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a life help someone else. -- Chinese Proverb
If you want magic, let go of your armor. Magic is so much stronger than steel! -- Richard Bach (The Bridge Across Forever)
If you want more stuff like "made of meat", get a copy of Stanislaw Lem's Cyberiad, or Tales of Pirx the Pilot. Go. Now. Buy them. Whatever you're doing now can wait. -- Robert Thau
If you want people to pay attention you can't tap them on the shoulder anymore. You have to use a sledgehammer to get their attention. -- Seven
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people together to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea. -- Antoine de Saint Exupery
If you want to destroy my sweater, just hold this thread as I walk away. -- Weezer
If you want to dine with the devil, you'd better bring a long spoon. -- Mercy (Cyborg 2)
If you want to feel rich, just count up all the things you have that money can't buy. -- Daniel Webster
If you want to fight discrimination, you must first make the injustice visible. -- Brent Capps
If you want to get laid, just crawl up a chicken's butt, and wait.
If you want to get on in this world, make many promises, but don't keep them.
If you want to get rid of a man, I suggest saying, "I love you... I want to marry you... I want to have your children." Sometimes they leave skid marks. -- Rita Rudner
If you want to know anything about me, just listen to the music. Because that's what I am... the rest is just the National Enquirer. -- Billy Joel
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you want to know how old a woman is, ask her sister-in-law.
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something. -- Woodrow Wilson
If you want to play house with the unwashed masses, be my guest. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
If you want to really impress me, do the seemingly impossible: Find a writer with opposable thumbs. -- Mr. Cranky
If you want to run Unix, it's either X or a dumb character-based terminal. Pick your poison. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
If you want to see a short winter, borrow some money that's due in the spring. -- The Lion
If you want to see an image of the future, imagine a boot taking forever, and remember that it is forever.
If you want to stab someone in the back, Bernard, you must first get behind them! -- Sir Humphrey Appleby
If you want to start a religion, you might do better on the orgy front than the castration front. -- Professor Beildelman
If you want to succeed as a jester, you need to consider each person's auricular; What is all right for B might quite scandalize C, because C is so very particular! -- W.S. Gilbert
If you want to survive in life, you've got to know where your towel is. -- Douglas Adams (THHGTTG)
If you want to understand reality, you must take part in the practice of changing reality.
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the Constitution. It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft. Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with the word "National". -- George Will
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it. -- Kurt Lewin
If you want your marriage to sizzle, with love in the loving cup, whenever you're wrong, admit it; whenever you're right, shut up! -- Ogden Nash
If you want your name spelt wrong, die.
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
If you wanted to be a disc jockey, you'd have to have all your brain fluids drained out. What a sucky business. -- Howard Stern
If you wants to get elected president, you've got to think up some memorable homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it, even if they don't know what it means. -- Walt Kelly
If you watch single men on a weekend night they really act very much like sperm: all disorganized, bumping into their friends, swimming in the wrong direction. -- Jerry Seinfeld
If you watched Last Days Of Disco, Bulworth, and then The Truman Show, you would have a fairly literate deconstruction and commentary of society in the late 20th century- at least as valid as the comments made by Plato, Mark Twain, F. Scott Fitzgerald or Dante. -- Richard Goodman
If you were a cowboy and you were dragging a guy behind your horse with a rope, wouldn't it make you mad if you looked back and saw he was reading a magazine? -- Jack Handey
If you were a doggie on a chain, don't bite the mailman. -- Dave Matthews
If you were anymore like yourself, you'd be you.
If you were being paranoid, you were being paranoid on the wrong level. -- Sean Simmons
If you were given a chance to live your life again, would you take it?
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?
If you were my wife, I'd drink it. -- Winston Churchill
If you were online with a very large OC customer and people were calling you in the middle of a complex diverse BGP setup, and kept yelling homosex, I guarantee you would lose your shit so fast. -- Vijay Gill
If you were really hardcore, you'd have a the full bottle. -- Sean Simmons
If you were to condense the best of the Web down to a single phrase, what would it be? What words capture the Internet's purest essence? No, not 'free porn'. -- Greg Knauss
If you were to open up a baby's head - and I am not for a moment suggesting you should - you would find nothing but an enormous drool gland. -- Dave Barry
If you wish peace, work for justice. -- Pope Paul VI
If you wish to appear agreeable in society, you must consent to be taught many things which you already know. -- Johann Caspar Lavater
If you wish to be useful, never take a course that will silence you. Refuse to learn anything that implies collusion, whether it be a clerkship or a curacy, a legal fee or a post in a university. Retain the power of speech no matter what other power you may lose. If you can take this course, and in so far as you take it, you will bless this country. In so far as you depart from this course you become dampers, mutes, and hooded executioners. -- John Jay Chapman
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
If you wish, you will have an opportunity.
If you would be so kind to the other users of FoRK to divert upwards of 20 million to yours truly, you will be insuring yourself and the rest of FoRK of years of vicarious thrills. -- Tim Byars
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
If you wrapped yourself in the flag like George Bush does, you'd be worried about flag-burning too."
If you write down your objective 15 times a day, the objective will be achieved, no matter how unlikely. -- Scott Adams
If you wrote a letter, perhaps you bote your tongue?
If you're a 300 year old vampire, how comes you're not on the guest list yet? -- Steve Ledebur
If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away. -- Jack Handey
If you're a Mac user who depends on fonts for your work, you probably fall into one of two categories (we hesitate to say types): You don't even pretend to understand the Mac's font architecture and you have a difficult time managing your typefaces, or you're an experienced user with a thorough understanding of the Mac's font architecture and you have a difficult time managing your typefaces. -- MacUser
If you're a sleepwalker, don't go to bed in the buff.
If you're anywhere near as annoying as you are on other instances, we'll give you the Rob Earhart treatment. Just a warning. -- Jon Ferro to Andrew Stellman
If you're attracted to him, it's flirting. If not, it's harassment.
If you're coasting, you're going downhill.
If you're cross-eyed and have dyslexia, can you read all right?
If you're dating a man who you think might be Mr. Right, if he a) got older, b) got a new job, or c) visited a psychiatrist, you are in for a nasty surprise. The cocoon-to-butterfly theory only works on cocoons and butterflies. -- Rita Rudner
If you're early, it'll be cancelled. If you knock yourself out to be on time, you will have to wait. If you're late, you will be too late.
If you're early, it's cancelled, if you're on time, it's late, if you're late, you're late.
If you're edge because I'm weasin' on your grindage, just chill, 'cause if I had the whole bradybunch thing happening at my pad, I'd go grind over there, so don't tax my gig so hardcore, cruster. -- Encino Man
If you're enlightened and you know it, clap one hand ... -- Tom Price
If you're ever in trouble, don't try to be brave. Just run. Run away. -- Forrest Gump
If you're feeling disillusioned, I've got some great new illusions you can try out...
If you're feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
If you're going to die, please go outside.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. -- Henny Youngman
If you're going to retcon the origin story, I'll drop you like the Marvel comic book you are. -- Jon Ferro
If you're going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance. -- Ray Stumbaugh
If you're going to write, don't pretend to write down. It's going to be the best you can do, and it's the fact that it's the best you can do that kills you. -- Dorothy Parker
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're holdin' a Golden you'll be heavin' when you're leavin'. -- Cecil Adams illustrates the difficulties in coming up with advertising jingles emphasizing the higher alcohol content of "ice" beer
If you're into evil, you're a friend of mine. -- AC/DC
If you're into shit, there really is no better place to find it than the World Wide Web. -- Dan Savage
If you're like me, you think that those miserable little sticks of wood fired by the Archers are way too wimpy. And if you're like me, you've often said to yourself, "Why can't my Archers be just a little more manly? Why can't they be shooting flaming, exploding chickens?" -- Myth II propaganda
If you're listening to 90.9 FM, this is WETA in Washington. If you're listening to 89.3 FM, this is WETH in Hagerstown. If you're listening to any other station, your radio is off, and you're hallucinating. Snap out of it! -- unknown DJ
If you're living an image, you're just not living. -- O.J. Simpson
If you're looking for the secret of life, it ain't here.
If you're married a million years, does your wedding album go platinum? -- Steven Wright
If you're married, there's no need to DIET. The race is over. Take off the uniform.
If you're not a liberal when you are twenty, then you have no soul. If you're still a liberal when you are forty, then you have no mind.
If you're not afraid to face the music you may some day lead the band.
If you're not confused, you're not paying attention.
If you're not failing now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -- Woody Allen
If you're not going to kill me, I have things to do. -- Darkman
If you're not making waves, you're not underway. -- Adm. Nimitz
If you're not part of the solution, be part of the problem!
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory. -- Benjamin Disraeli
If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
If you're quiet, you're not living. You've got to be noisy, or at least your thoughts should be noisy and colorful and lively. -- Mel Brooks
If you're really hot, I bet I can cool you down. -- Butt-head
If you're ridin' ahead of the herd, take a look back every now and then to make sure it's still there. -- The Cowboy's Guide to Life
If you're right 98% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?
If you're running out of gas we could just go hold a can under my car and collect what it's leaking. -- Paul Bossi
If you're short/tall, petite/large, young/elderly, blonde/red head/brunette, I'm your man. -- Detroit Metro Times
If you're so special, why aren't you dead? -- the Breeders
If you're testing a script incorporating "rm -rf" by actually running it, your balls are so much bigger than mine that the difference is most tersely expressed in AU. -- Dan Martinez
If you're the first one there, you get to say what it is others will see. -- Jerry Kaplan's advisor
If you're there before it's over, you're on time. -- James J. Walker
If you're too busy to help those around you succeed, you're too busy.
If you're trying to drive me crazy, you're too late
If you're watching this and you're still in the closet, you're lucky -- because I don't understand how you can get cable in there. -- Patrick Stewart
If you're working class, that's not necessarily something to be ashamed of. You probably have less to worry about anyway, other than how you're going to pay the bills and put food on the table. -- Tamara Beckwith (20-something British heiress and socialite)
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe? -- Douglas Adams
If you've ever cut your grass and found a car. -- Jeff Foxworthy
If you've ever questioned the beliefs that you hold, you're not alone. -- Screeching Weasel
If you've got a five-disc changer with a "shuffle" button, you can pretend that Pittsburgh has a radio station that DOESN'T SUCK. -- Jim Zelenka
If you've got a secret, boy, forget about it. -- They Might Be Giants
If you've got to swallow a frog, don't spend a lot of time looking at it; and if you have to swallow several frogs, don't swallow the small one first. -- J. G. Strack
If you've seen one city slum, you've seen them all. -- Spiro Agnew
If you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen 'em all.
If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all. -- Ronald Reagan
If your "solution" to the two-body problem is a long-distance relationship: Brains, Trains, and Automobiles.
If your aim in life is nothing; you can't miss.
If your ass isn't your greatest asset, what is? It's certainly not your personality. -- Lex Gibson
If your attack is going well, then it's an ambush.
If your attack is going well, you have walked into an ambush.
If your behind is in front, you turned around!
If your bread is stale, make toast.
If your computer speaks english it was probably made in japan.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
If your feet smell and your nose runs - you're built upside down.
If your life at night is good, you think you have everything. -- Euripides
If your life flashes before you and you're over 40, is the first half in black and white?
If your nose is running and your feet smell, you must be upside down.
If your palm itches, it's a sign that you're going to get something - if your head itches, you've got it.
If your response to Chris really is going to contain a moral argument, I can't *wait* to see it. ("And the LORD spake unto them, saying, 'Partake not of the fruits of the Xing player, for its keys are not encrypted in accordance with the licensing agreement; it is an abomination.'") -- Dan Martinez
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it
If your so called "SARCASM" was any good, you wouldn't need to go around telling people about it. Hey, look over here, I'm making a SARCASTIC statement, ain't I so SARCASTIC? You, in the clown suit, wanna check out my SARCASM? -- Vijay Gill
If your sysadmin's not being fascist, you're paying him too much. -- Sam Greenfield
If your turds float, it means there's too much fat in your diet. -- Mack Rhinelander
If your wife wants to learn how to drive, don't stand in her way.
If... you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to be a horrible warning. -- Catherine Aird
Iffen it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Iffen it ain't cooked, don't serve it.
Ifyoucanreadthis,youspendtoomuchtimefiguringouttaglines.
Ignisecond, sniglet: The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car door even as the brain is saying, "My keys are in there!"
Ignorance and freedom are incompatible. -- Thomas Jefferson
Ignorance can be cured. Stupidity is forever.
Ignorance has its virtues: without it there'd be mighty little conversation. -- Sophia Loren
Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune.
Ignorance is curable, but stupidity is forever.
Ignorance is Temporary ... STUPID is Forever
Ignorance is the mother of adventure.
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Ignorance of the law excuses no man; not that all men know the law, but because 'tis an excuse every man will plead, and no man can tell how to refute him. -- John Seldon (Table Talk, 1689)
Ignorance of your profession is best concealed by solemnity and silence, which pass for profound knowledge upon the generality of mankind. (Advice to Officers of the British Army, 1783)
Ignore alien orders.
Ignore me. I'm raving. If you put me under glass and pumped out all the air right now, I'd burn for a thousand years. I am full of hate, and it's got nothing to do with you. Nothing to see here. Move along. -- Dan Martinez
Ignore previous fortune cookie.
Ignore previous fortune.
Ignore that man behind the curtains.
Iguana: The other green meat. -- Top 5
Iic liebe rich. I'm really crazy about having dough.
Il buono, il bruto, il cattivo. -- Age Scarpelli, Luciano Vincenzoni, and Sergio Leone
Il faut cultiver notre jardin. It is necessary to cultivate our garden. -- Voltaire
ILEN... your tickets are on the kitchen table, in case the bright white envelope with HUGE honking black lettering that says iLEN somehow eluded you. -- Kate Cronin
Ill-bred children are always displaying their pest manners.
Illegal drugs, fire arms, bomb making materials, lewd and obscene pornographic material... -- Tim Byars
Illigitimus non carborundum. Don't let the bastards drag you down. -- U2
Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot -- it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.
ILLINOIS: Gateway to Iowa.
Illiterate? Write for a free brochure
Illiterate? Write for FREE HELP
Illiterate? Write today for free information: 19 Wilton Acres, Wilton, CT 06897.
Illusionists fake it.
Illusionists only LOOK like they're doing it.
im writing another one of those emails again, arent i? where i carry on a conversation with my self. not safe. -- Kerry Hagan
Imagery is all in the mind.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. -- Blaise Pascal
Imagination is more important than knowledge. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly. -- Lauren Bacall
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality. -- Jules de Gaultier
Imagine a used car salesman making little quotation marks in the air with his fingers as he tries to sell you a convertible Corvair because it will give you that "edge." -- Mr. Cranky
Imagine a world without hypothetical situations. -- Debbie Rothman
Imagine all the time wasted by people who couldn't work because their machines broke, people fixing the machines, people trying to prevent the attack... Now think about all the time spent by people like me: as much time as it takes to delete 20 copies, plus the time to LAUGH AT ALL OF YOU. -- Fleur Dragan (day of the ILOVEYOU! virus)
Imagine being told by the Vice President that your job is unnecessary. -- Jay Leno
Imagine every particle in the universe exploding away from each other at the speed of light. -- Ghostbusters
Imagine feeling completely powerless... like a marble statue... now imagine the biggest flock of pigeons you ever saw... -- Scott Adams
Imagine his breath. Or his stomach. What's going on in there? -- Howard Stern
Imagine if birds were tickled by feathers... -- Steven Wright
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them in the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining. -- Jef Raskin
Imagine leaving Christie Brinkley in search of a trophy wife. -- Howard Stern
Imagine the advances in humanity that could take place with genetic engineering. Driving back from the theater, I realized that they could start by removing the gene that compelled the moron in the Geo in front of me to drive 40 mph in the left lane. Altering that guy and every idiot like him would clearly be the first step to a better world. -- Mr. Cranky
Imagine what English would b lk f thr wr n vwls...
Imagine you're running Apple. Your used to driving your Mercedes around at 100 mph. Suddenly your in silly valley driving 55 behind prozac'ed housewives and listening to a bunch of arrogant numbskulls. Give the guy a break. -- Tim Byars about Michael Spindler
IMBESI'S LAW OF THE CONSERVATION OF FILTH: In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty.
IMHO, sleeping with someone is one thing. An unforgivable. Going to a strip club once, the night before the wedding, seems irrelevent. I'm not clear on which one you're commenting on. Or do you mean playing Warcraft II and hacking systems all night? Yeah, I could see how that could break it all up. -- Sam Kass
Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery, and a copyright violation.
Imitation is the sincerest form of plagiarism.
Immanent, adj.: 1. Remaining or operating within a domain of reality or realm of discourse: INHERENT. 2. Confined to consciousness or to the mind: SUBJECTIVE.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
Immerse my self in material gratification in a desperate attempt to replace the attention so cruelly denied me. That or maybe an ice cream or something. -- John Dobbin
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery. -- Jack Paar
imminent death of the net predicted. again. -- Chris Hanson
Imminent Death of the Net Predicted. GIFs at 11.
Immoral Majority Charter Member.
Immorality will continue until beatings improve.
Immortality -- a fate worse than death. -- Edgar A. Shoaff
IMMORTALITY. I notice that as soon as writers broach this question they begin to quote. I hate quotations. Tell me what you know. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson ("Journals", May 1849)
Immortality... a fate worse than death. -- Edgar A. Shoaff
IMNSHO, n.: "In my not-so-humble opinion"
Impaired judgement is not doing something stupid; anyone can do that. Impaired judgement is doing something stupid and thinking you are doing something inordinately clever.
Impartial, adj.: Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two conflicting opinions. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Impeach your inner Nixon.
Impeccability, a finely honed strategic sense, and an intelligent application of personal ferocity beat out fear and hate every time. -- Joshua Geller
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail. Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the Boss is reading it.
Important to interact with the team whose butt you're saving by slaving away in secret to solve problems their Panglossian selves know not of? -- Rohit Khare
Important! Handle with care! Do not open. In the event of a cookie rupture, contact (7 chinese characters)
Imports are ports very far inland.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. -- Napolean Bonaparte
Impotence, n.: Emission impossible.
Impropriety is the soul of wit. -- William Somerset Maugham
Impulse buying is not macho. Men rarely call the Home Shopping Network. -- Rita Rudner
In 1750, Issac Newton became discouraged when he fell up a flight of stairs.
In 1869, the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper. The creator received $4000 down... and $3000 across.
In 1914, the lamps went out all over Europe. Life during the rest of the twentieth century was like crouching under a rock. -- Bruce Sterling
In 1915 pancake make-up was invented but most people still preferred syrup.
In 1975 John Erlichmann was convicted of perjury, obstruction of justice and conspiracy. Back when those things were still crimes. -- Jon Stewart
In a better world, that wouldn't start a conversation, but go ahead. -- George Carlin
In a church, it's an accepted custom never to talk above a vesper.
In a country of free speech, why are there phone bills?
In a crisis, you will choose the worst possible course of action.
In a cruel and evil world, being cynical can allow you to get some entertainment out of it. -- Daniel Waters
In a culture where indolence is rare, media depictions of the glorious leisure of layabouts (like Seinfeld and Friends) become the preferred method of escapism - time porn. -- Suck
In a family argument, if it turns out you are right--apologize at once!
In a farm town the whole neighborhood was stirred up, spring ploughing.
In a fight between you and the world, I'll back the world.
In a fight between you and the world, I'll back you.
In a fit of confusion, Spock uses Scotty as toilet tissue
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.
In a free society, some are guilty, all are responsible. -- Abraham Joshua Heschel
In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater confusion.
In a hierarchy, every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
In a minute there is time for decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse. -- T.S. Eliot (The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock)
In a moment of reverse ego surfing Khare put up a link back to Cooper's page to facilitate the further researches of self-referential Net omphaloskeptics. -- Keith Dawson
In a move that will leave future generations either snorting in disgust or doubled-over with laughter, Navigator 6 actually requires the skins, completely ignoring the look-and-feel of the operating system it's running on. For Nagivator users, skins have become more than amusing little graphical diversions: They've become the death of the standard interface. We have seen the future, and it is damned hard to use. -- Suck
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man." -- Mark Twain
In a nutshell, I count myself king of infinity space.
In a pinch, milk can be used as a beer substitute in your breakfast cereal. -- Top 5
In a proper society, we'd be able to torture him.
In a single day, Samson slew a thousand Philistines with the jawbone of an ass. Every day, thousands of sales are killed with the same weapon.
In a society where everone is guilty, the only crime is getting caught. -- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson
In a stable market, a kudo for reading a page should settle down to mean "xx seconds of someone's attention". Since Time Is Money, it's actually a stable currency, since I just have to value how much more important my life is than yours... -- Rohit Khare
In a study of schoolboys, an educator discovered a correlation between size of feet and quality of handwriting. The boys with the larger feet were, on the average, older. -- Wallis & Roberts (The Nature of Statistics)
In a survey of frequent fliers, Continental Airlines was rated the best for long flights, second best on short flights, and came in 50th on finding the right airport. Hey, you can't have *everything*.
In a university environment, brainstorming sessions can often become a mere drizzle. -- Prof. Carlos A. Paz de Araujo (University of Colorado)
In a way, staring into a computer screen is like staring into an eclipse. It's brilliant and you don't realize the damage until its too late. -- Bruce Sterling
In a word, Vodka. In a few more, Amaretto, Rum, Gin. -- Mike Wallace
In a world where carpenters are resurected, anything is possible. -- The Lion in Winter
In a world without fences, who needs Gates?
In action, be primitive; in foresight, a strategist. -- Rene Char
In addition, 2 + 2 = 4.
In adversity a man is saved by hope. -- Menander
In adversity remember to keep an even mind. Horace (8 BC)
In all my life, I have never seen two college females buying two cases of bananas before.
In all recorded history there has not been one economist who has had to worry about where the next meal would come from. -- Peter F. Drucker
In all seriousness, though, do you ever feel like you're a pair of brown loafers in a world of tuxedos? -- John Klassa
In America everyone is intitled to an opinion. However you are not entitled to a professional opinion. -- Michael Padlipsky
In America only the successful writer is important, in France all writers are important, in England no writer is important, in Australia you have to explain what a writer is. -- Geoffrey Cotterell
In America there are two classes of travel: first class and with children. -- Robert Benchley
In America you have warning shots! What a great country! -- Yakov Smirnov
In America, an acquittal doesn't mean you're innocent, it means you beat the rap. My clients lose even when they win. -- F. Lee Bailey
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one of the risks he takes. -- Adlai Stevenson
In America, it is not how much an item costs, it is how much you save.
In America, sex is an obsession; in other parts of the world it's a fact. -- Marlene Dietrich
In America, the BEST people are put on pedestals so that lesser folk can take shots at them. -- Tom Clancy
In America, you are ruled by an elected president, congress, and senate. In Canada, we are ruled by a boy with supernatural powers. -- Dave Foley
In America, you can always find a party. In Russia, the party always finds you. -- Yakov Smirnoff
In an information economy, the most valuable company assets drive themselves home every night. If they are not treated well, they do not return the next morning. -- Peter Chang
In an interview, O.J. defense attorney Johnnie Cochran said, "I'm not in it for the money." Yeah, and I came to CBS just so I could work with Morley Safer. -- David Letterman
In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own incompetency (The Peter Principle)
In an underdeveloped country don't drink the water; in a developed country don't breathe the air.
In angry libraries, there are no answers, only cross references.
In answer to the question of why it happened, I offer the modest proposal that our Universe is simply one of those things which happen from time to time. -- Edward P. Tryon
In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience. -- W.B. Prescott
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
In any household, junk accumulates to fill the storage space available.
In any human endeavor, work seeks the lowest hierarchical level.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next-best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing. -- Theodore Roosevelt
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -- Theodore Roosevelt
In any national struggle, the deciding factor is not who is the most competent, but who is less incompetent.
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired.
In any set of data, the figure most obviously correct, beyond all need of checking, is the mistake. -- Finagle (Third Law)
In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations -- it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir. -- Stuart Keate
In any world menu, I guess the U.S. would be the hamburger -- messy, greasy, and full of fat. -- Paolo Sivilotti
In anything at all [especially design], perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery (The Little Prince)
In Boston drivers don't even obey the laws of PHYSICS. -- Dave Barry
In Brazil they throw flowers at you. In Argentina they throw themselves. -- Marlene Dietrich
In brief, she assumed that, being a man, I was vain to the point of imbecility, and this assumption was correct, as it always is. -- H.L. Mencken
In C we had to code our own bugs. In C++ we can inherit them. -- Gerald Karam
In calm water every ship has a good captain. -- Swedish Proverb
In case anyone asks, Slurpees hold up well in the freezer for anywhere from 30 minutes to 24 hours without a loss in falvor or consistency (once they thaw back out). So, I can stockpile them now if I'm so inclined. -- Richard Goodman
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled.
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing. -- Finagle (Fourth Rule)
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
In case of emergency, break glass. Scream. Bleed to death.
In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"
In case of injury notify superior immediately, he'll kiss it and make it better
In case of injury notify your superior immediately. He'll kiss it and make it better.
In case of nuclear attack, hide in this urinal. It has never been hit.
In case of nuclear attack, the federal ruling banning prayer in schools will be cancelled.
In case that wasn't clear, I'm not an ENTJ on a real MBTI. -- Rohit Khare
In case you hadn't noticed, I hadn't noticed. -- Adam Rifkin
In case you haven't heard, the Internet is not a superhighway. -- Bill Washburn (Internet World, Feb 95)
In case your aim is better than your judgment. -- Last of the Mohicans
In charity there is no excess. -- Francis Bacon
In Chicago, every prospect breezes.
In Chinese, Coca Cola = ka-kou-ka-le, = "tasty & joy giving". Just my 2 renminbi's worth. -- Tan Chade Meng
In Chinese, the words for crisis and opportunity are the same.
In choosing a friend, go up a step. -- Jewish Proverb
In college I majored in Pharmacy. I always wanted to be a pharmer.
In college I took special courses to overcome my disabillities, or so I thought. However, my grades in know way reflected my I.Q or what I thought I was capable of doing. I would get frustrated, depressed as well as obsessed, because I could not fogure out what was wrong with me. -- from alt.attn-deficit
In comic strips, the person on the right always speaks first. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
In communities where men build ships for their own sons to fish or fight from, quality is never a problem. -- J. Deville
In conversation, there are people who overrun your sentences the way they'd speed up to go through a yellow light, crowding you off the roads, sideswiping your point to rush on the to the parking lot of their thoughts. -- William Rotsler
In course of life, will eat own weight in Slim Jims. -- David Letterman
In creating, the only hard thing's to begin; a grass-blade's no easier to make than an oak. -- James Russell Lowell
In criticizing the political views of Patrick Buchanan, Mr. Bennett said "it's a real us-and-them kind of thing," not, as we reported, "it's a real S & M kind of thing." -- New Yorker
In Cupertino, California, it is illegal to count backwards audibly in hexadecimal.
In cyberspace everybody knows you're a pervert. -- Faisal Jawdat
In cyberspace, everyone is an author, which means that no one is an author: the distinction upon which its rest, the author distinct from the reader, disappears. Exit author... -- Benjamin Woolley (Virtual Worlds, A journey in hype and hyperreality)
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable. -- Winston Churchill (of Montgomery)
In democracy its your vote that counts. In feudalism its your count that votes.
In diving to the bottom of pleasure we bring up more gravel than pearls. -- Honore de Balzac
In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of the scoundrel. With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first. -- Ambrose Bierce
In each of Van Damme's films, there's a new, ridiculous explanation as to why he's been allowed out of Belgium. -- Mr. Cranky
In effect, our task is to program a computer which gives answers which are subtly and maliciously wrong at the most inconvenient possible moment. This is a fascinating problem; and we hope that the lessons learned from programming Satan's computer may be helpful in tackling the more common problem of programming Murphy's. -- Ross Anderson and Roger Needham (Programming Satan's Computer)
In England, the first book in the series was titled "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone," while American readers, unaccustomed to philosophy in their children's books, were treated to "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone." -- David Lazarus
In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
In ensembles, Mr. Pavarotti tended to go his own way, politely allowing his fellow singers to arrive at the ends of phrases before him. -- NYT (2/1/97)
In Escape from LA, Los Angeles is a crime ridden, riot torn hell where those with the biggest guns rule. Producers rejected its original working title, "1996."
In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty. He is always in alliance with the despot ... they have perverted the purest religion ever preached to man into mystery and jargon, unintelligible to all mankind, and therefore the safer engine for their purpose. -- Thomas Jefferson
In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty. -- Thomas Jefferson
In every revolution there is one man with a vision. -- James T. Kirk (Mirror, Mirror)
In every situation, its good to have an agenda. The agenda here is wasting time. -- Chris Heiser
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. -- Albert Schweitzer
In fact most problems in this universe and in many contiguous universes are I/S's fault. -- Mark Curby
in fact, a whole clan of the martinez germanic tribe settled as far as the celtic/gaelic areas in the north of europe, known today as simply the "martins" or, in ireland the "o'martins." their history, much like that of the lesser know "bobs", includes having a major family patriarch killed by friendly fire in every war, a propensity to over-wordy, self-congratulatory humor, and seeming irrelevance to topics at hand. most importantly, their original language was a crossbreed melange of germanic/romance languages, leading to their family logo: Mi hombre, me siento weltschmerz. -- Kerry Hagan
In fact, the ubiquity of the handheld reflects two other key trends among the Baby Boomers: No one has a secretary, and no one can remember a damn thing. -- Elliott Abrams
In fact, there's a lot about us you should appreciate, and the sooner that translates into financial rewards for us, the sooner we'll appreciate you. -- Rugburns
In Florida, felons cannot adopt children. But evidently they can have custody of any they may have brought into this world. Because the ability to procreate is, in fact, a main indicator of fitness to raise your offspring. -- Megan Coughlin
In football, it was this: You're a piece of meat. And in acting it's this: You're a piece of meat. -- Dean Cain
In France currently, life expectancy increases by one year every three.
In general, the concept of paying people to laugh at me doesn't appeal. -- John Dobbin
In general, they do what you want, unless you want consistency. -- Larry Wall
In Germany they came first for the Communists and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the Jews, but I did not speak up because I was not a Jew. Then they came for the trade-unionists, but I did not speak up because I was not a trade-unionist. Then then they came for the Catholics, but I did not speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they came for me and by that time there was no one left to speak up. -- Rev. Martin Niemoller
In God we trust, all others pay cash.
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In great matters men show themselves as they wish to be seen; in small matters, as they are. -- Gamaliel Bradford
In Heaven, all the interesting people are missing. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
In heaven, politicians are British, police are German, lovers are Italian, and chefs are French. In hell, politicians are French, police are Italian, lovers are German, and chefs are British.
In high school, I didn't make the cheerleading team because we had to write our own cheers for the tryouts, and I don't get that excited. I wrote, 'If we win, we win. If we lose, we lose. Really, you can deal with it.' -- Rita Rudner
In his diaries, Packwood discusses having sex with 22 members of his staff. 22 members? Geez... I'm lucky if I get coffee.
In his spare time, Mr. Chen likes to think up ideas for cable access television. The Adventures of Lobster Boy, Trials of the Amish Lawyer, and John Cutter-Pirate Librarian! are just a few of his really bad concepts. -- Johnny Chen
In honor of National Secretary's Week, enlightened employers should know the correct way to spell praise. Without the p.
In human relations kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
In Israel, there's no legal way for a man named Cohen to marry a divorced woman.
In it's former life, my computer was a Cray...
In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love; they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -- Harry Lime (The Third Man)
In jealousy there is more self-love than love.
In keeping with a movie busy presenting 750 separate special effects, we are never told what the Sedition Group is or why it would go to such incredible trouble to destroy the Robinsons' plans, not to mention their own planet. All we know is that its members are middle-aged white men which, these days, is more than enough. -- Jon Katz (Wired)
In keeping with current trends, I have realized that it is necessary for me to hate people, lest I be deemed unfashionable. Therefore I have decided that I hate Josh and bbz. I hate Josh because he talks about computers way too much and shoves ash trays down ratha's shirt, and my decision to hate bbz was pretty random, so I can't really give a good reason. Furthermore, I will continue to hate the aforementioned people until such time as I forget making this post, at which point I will revert to my default state of hating myself. Have a nice day. -- Steve Bajzek
In later life, as in earlier, only a few persons influence the formation of our character; the multitude pass us by like a distant army. -- Jean Paul Richter
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks. -- Scott Adams (Windows Magazine, 5/95)
In lieu of running the world, I run a public access UNIX system in NYC. -- Nicholas Jarecki
In life I have learned two important things. Success is not permanent and failure is not fatal.
In life you have to learn to take the good with the bad. And then you learn to take the bad with a little Scotch. -- Jeff MacNelly (Shoe)
In life, the wanting is always better than the getting... except maybe oral sex. -- Curt Beeson's brother
In love there is always one who kisses and one who offers the cheek. -- French proverb
In many industries, such as biotech, the cost and time required to develop a new product are enormously high. In these markets, it is sensible for the government to grant an award to innovators such that investors have the proper incentives to fund new health discoveries. ... To argue that the Internet sector suffers from a lack of funding incentive would be, pardon the pun, patently absurd. -- J. William Gurley
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In Mexico we have a word for sushi. Bait. -- Jose Simon
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason. -- Ernest Hemingway
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In most of my dreams, I'm doing nothing, and then all of a sudden, I'm a trout. -- Boston Common
In my beginning is my end. -- T.S. Eliot
In MY book food should be nutrition AND entertainment. -- Calvin
In my country there is a belief, and rightly so, that the only thing that separates us from animals is mindless superstition and pointless ritual. -- Latka Graves (Taxi)
In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt. -- Blair P. Houghton
In my end is my beginning.
in my experience, MS Exchange does little more than prevent your computer from being able to send mail. never make the mistake of installing it on your system. -- Andrew Stellman
In my heart it is spring.
In my limited observations, men have "That Chick," but for women, half the guys they've slept with are "That Guy." -- Martin Frankel
In my mind if it is effective, it ain't communication. -- John Dobbin
In my mind, wives and dogs provide similar functionality. All I want is some creature to lick my face. -- John Dobbin
In my mind, you are the "tube sock of inventors". Ambiguity succeeds where honesty dares not venture. -- Dogbert
In my music I'm trying to play the truth of what I am. The reason it's difficult is because I'm changing all the time. -- Charles Mingus
In my neighborhood, a man can get further with kind words and a gun, than with kind words alone. -- Al Capone
In my opinion this pilot should not be authorized to fly below 250 feet.
In my opinion, television validates existence. -- Calvin
In my universal agony, all the cosmic strings came out of my pants.
In my younger days, I used to pick up sluts, and I don't mean that nastily. It's more a term of endearment, really, for girls who know how to speak their minds. -- Kevin Costner
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments -- there are consequences. -- Robert G. Ingersoll
In no language does the phrase "as pretty as an airport" appear. -- Douglas Adams
In one, Rice vs. Cayetano, the court invalidated a Hawaiian voting scheme with the very principled determination that native Hawaiians -- unlike Native Americans -- don't deserve special protection. Don't miss the heartbreaking last paragraph: "When the culture and way of life of a people are all but engulfed by a history beyond their control, their sense of loss may extend down through generations." (And here I paraphrase:) "Oh well. It sucks to be them." -- Dahlia Lithwick
In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty .... but you can get everything dirty without getting anything clean.
In order for us to get to know each other, we should talk about sports, politics, and other issues of the day. Please do not do this. The only information I require from you is an indication of when you expect to have my daughter safely back at my house, and the only word I need from you on this subject is "early." -- Frank Topar
In order to be, never try to seem.
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
In order to live free and happy, you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice. -- Richard Bach
In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. -- Carl Sagan (Cosmos)
In order to see birds its is necessary to become a part of the silence. -- Robert Lynd
In order to solve this differential equation you look at it until a solution occurs to you. -- George Polya
In other words, there's a HTTP server in every device with a processor and a port which can use PEP and HTML to offer a meaningful, composable interface to any other HTTP client? -- Rohit Khare
In other words: there's an Orb-like thingie in just about everything, supporting a queryable BO that can do meaningful things ? -- Sandor Spruit
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
In our family we don't divorce our men -- we bury them. -- Ruth Gordon
In our fear, we make an image, and that image we call God. -- Ingmar Bergman (The Seventh Seal)
In our own hearts, we mold the whole world's hereafters; and in our own hearts we fashion our own gods. -- Herman Melville
In our society we have hard nerds and soft nerds. The hard nerds are the ones who used to have the slide rules at their belt; now they have calculators. The soft nerds are the ones who get violently ill whenever anybody mentions an integral sign. -- Alan Kay
In over 1,000 dives in 20 years, there have been no skirmishes between sharks and divers. Shark attacks must be messy, emotional affairs; I figure the Germans simply have no time for them. -- Bill Belleville (Salon)
In pain from multiple paper cuts to the wrist and throat. -- Top 5
In Paris they simply stared when I spoke to them in French; I never did succeed in making those idiots understand their own language. -- Mark Twain
In peace, bureaucracy has nine lives and LIVES on. In war, you shoot once and MOVE on!
In pioneer days they used oxen for heavy pulling, and when one ox couldn't budge a log, they didn't try to grow a larger ox. We shouldn't be trying for bigger computers, but for more systems of computers. -- Admiral Grace Hopper
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
In politics, if it's against you, it's a machine. If it's for you, it's an organization.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. -- Dwight Eisenhower
In prosperity, our friends know us; in adversity, we know our friends. -- John Churton Collins
In questions of science the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual. -- Galileo Galilei
In real life women are always trying to mix something up with sex - religion, or babies, or hard cash; it is only men who long for sex separated out, without rings or strings. -- Katherine Whitehorn
In reality, everyone is good in bed. Close eyes. Shutdown brain. Pause as necessary. Restart brain. Open eyes. What's there to not be good at? Bed is the one place where laziness is rewarded. -- John Dobbin
In response to a question about Tequila and the worm inside: "The only thing I want floating in my beer is my liver." -- Norm (Cheers)
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways. Our symptotes no longer out of phase, We shall encounter, counting, face to face. -- Stanislaw Lem (Cyberiad)
In Rome, the emperor sat in a special part of the Coliseum called the Caesarian Section. -- George Carlin
In Russian tragedy, everybody dies. In Russian comedy, everybody dies, but they die happy.
In Santa Clara it is forbidden to dedicate parking spaces to the patron saint of television.
In Saturday morning cartoons you get taught all these values. Scooby snacks are all about bribery. Smurfs teach you safety in numbers. -- Slacker
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they would actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time someting like that happened in politics or religion. -- Carl Sagan
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite. -- Paul Dirac
In science, "fact" can only mean "confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent." I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms. -- Stephen Jay Gould
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way. (Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982)
In short, computer networks, like the printing press 500 years ago, allow ordinary citizens to distribute their views in different ways and to different audiences than were previously possible. This new-found freedom brings with it many unsolved social, political, and moral issues. The solution to these problems is left as an exercise for the reader. -- Andrew S. Tanenbaum (Computer Networks 3rd ed, page 7)
In short, if you want to test incremtnally, prepare to RESTRUCTURE YOUR FUCKING CODE EVERY STEP OF THE WAY. YES, this is supposed to encourage robust programs -- i.e., MORE EDITING = MORE ERRORS = BETTER CODE! -- Robert Rodgers
In short, N is Richardian if, and only if, N is not Richardian.
In situations where there are multiple players with different agendas, there is nothing worse than failure as a result of deliberate inaction - and there is nothing better than success as a result of deliberate inaction. -- Scott Berkun
In some ways we are more confused than ever, but we feel that we are confused on a higher level and about more important things.
In some ways we know more about what happened in the universe's first tenth of a second than we do about what goes on in the interval between "Your place or mine?" and deciding who sleeps on the wet spot. -- Cecil Adams
In sound wisdom there are two sides. -- Job 11:6
In southern CA people often ask: "Djagotoessee?" A single word apparently meaning "Did you matriculate at the University of Southern California?" -- Brad Sherman
In space, no one can hear your flatulence.
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty. -- Phil Ochs
In Tabitha's case there is some reallly cool symbolism to f***ing her. She calls herself the spokesman for my generation, f***ing her would be like f***ing my generation. -- John Dobbin
In that old Baudrillardian challenge, if one stages a bank robbery and carries the performance all the way to the bank, fooling even the teller and guards, one arguably has succeeded in redefining oneself not as an actor, but as a bank robber. -- www.suck.com
In the absence of glamour we are nothing. -- Luke Vahle
In the absence of policies to the contrary, common sense will prevail.
In the arcade, fun was something you paid for. In the family entertainment centers' redemption scheme, fun is your job, or rather, an unpaid internship that you take at your own expense so that you can EARN all those fabulous plush prizes. Basically, the redemption arcade is a giant, overpriced toy store housed in a high-tech, neo-Victorian circus, complete with putt-putt courses, downsized indoor Ferris wheels, and merry-go-rounds manufactured by Chance Rides, Inc., of Wichita, Kansas, which has supplied over a hundred North American malls with quarter-million dollar carousels. -- J.C. Herz
In the arcades, everyone was en route from the physical world to cyberspace. Every videogame cabinet was a gate from one world to the other. -- J.C. Herz
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing. -- Ninon de L'Enclos (1616-1706)
In the beginning God said let there be barley and hops. So we made BEER. And God said DAMN...Why didn't I think of that?
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. -- Douglas Adams
In the beginning there was nothing... then even *that* exploded!
In the beginning was the word. And the word was four bytes.
In the beginning was the word. But by the time the second word was added to it, there was trouble. For with it came syntax... -- John Simon
In the beginning, there was nothing. And God said, 'Let there be Light.' And there was still nothing. But, you could see it a lot better. -- Dave Weinstein
In the beginning, there was nothing. And God said, LET THERE BE LIGHT. And there was still nothing, but you could see it.
In the bookstore the other day, I saw a book entitled Sex for Dummies. Why would someone want to teach dumb people how to reproduce? Aren't there enough of them on the roads now?
In the cathedral-builder view of programming, bugs and development problems are tricky, insidious, deep phenomena. It takes months of scrutiny by a dedicated few to develop confidence that you've winkled them all out. Thus the long release intervals, and the inevitable disappointment when long-awaited releases are not perfect. In the bazaar view, on the other hand, you assume that bugs are generally shallow phenomena - or, at least, that they turn shallow pretty quick when exposed to a thousand eager co-developers pounding on every single new release. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
In the city, you can only see from horizon the horizon what man has made. In the country, you can see from horizon to horizon what God has made.
In the clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud; under the bludgeonings of chance my head is bloody, but unbowed. -- W.E. Henley
In the coming world they will not ask me, 'Why were you not Moses?' They will ask me, 'Why were you not Zusya?' -- Zusya
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins. Not through strength, but by perseverance. -- H. Jackson Brown
In the Connolly vernacular, making a pin-cushion is creatively procrastinating. Like reading the FoRK faq. -- Dan Connolly
In the country of the blind the one eye'd man is king.
In the darkness came the blind to lead. -- Saga of Valeria (She Who Dared)
In the desert one forgets everything; one remembers nothing anymore.
In the desert, you can do a lot more stuff without getting caught by the cops. -- Beavis and Butt-head
In the empty space of desire, the seats are expensive/Scandals serve as democracy's Tampax, when it has its period and the hemorrhage has to be staunched. -- Jean Baudrillard
In the end they will lay their freedom at our feet and say to us, "Make us your slaves, but feed us." -- the Grand Inquisitor in Dostoevsky's parable
In the end, there is nothing to understand you like your own blood. -- John Updike (Rabbit is Rich)
In the end, you can't tell if it happened to you, or if you just saw it on TV. -- Slacker
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds.
In the fight between you and the world, back the world. -- Franz Kafka
In the final analysis, you just have to make distinctions, even though slimy's pretending he's sleazy, and sleazy's acting just like slimy. Then the choice is clear. -- Matt Groening
In the first hour Michael did six things to me I was convinced were illegal. -- Paula Yates (wife of Bob Geldof, on her affair with Michael Hutchence)
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards. -- Mark Twain
In the Force, if Yoda is so strong, construct sentences with words in the right order then why can't he?
in the future, when you feel you have things to share ... well, you'd be wrong. don't. -- Joshua Schachter
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them. -- Robert Lucky (Quoted in chapter 20 of "In Introduction to Operating Systems" by Harvey Deitel)
In the good old days physicists repeated each other's experiments, just to be sure. Today they stick to FORTRAN, so that they can share each other's programs, bugs included. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
In the halls of justice, the only justice is in the halls. -- Lenny Bruce
In the immortal words of our founder, "This is just a little rant about two style issues in hypertext that I'm seeing more of and don't like much." (http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/ReadableText.html) Translation from subtle British politeness: GET A FUCKING CLUE OR GET OFF MY WEB! -- Dan Connolly
In the information age, it is not what you know, but what you can find. Genius will be measured by the speed at which one can find things.
In the interest of obnoxiousness, and also so that people who don't know me personally won't recognize me on the street, these images are all one of 3 things: stupid, old or embarassing. Because we all know i *never* act or look that way anymore. Yeah. -- Kristiina Wilson
In the ISP craze, there is only one thing that is important. One thing that is more important than family, friends, or the fact that you've just pushed your mother into a pit with Yog Sohoth, Demon Lord of all that is Unholy. And that one thing is porn.
In the kingdom of the blind the one eyed man is not king, he is considered insane. -- Richard Kinsey
in the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is not allowed to be the banker in Monopoly. -- Andrew Stellman
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is insane.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the land of the dark, the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead. (Egyptian Book of the Dead)
In the land of the deaf, the one-eared man is king. -- Tom Tromey
In the land of the witless, the halfwit is king. -- R. Mitchell
In the last, lorn fight, 'gainst the fall of long night, the mountains stand guard, and the dead shall be ward, for the grave is no bar to my call. -- Robert Jordan (inscription on the Horn of Valare, Wheel of Time series)
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble. -- Alan Perlis
In the long run, miscegenation is the only hope for the species. -- David Gillett
In the mid evil ages it was uncommon for a family to have two cars.
In the Middle Ages Europe was swept by the Blue Bonnet plague.
In the Mike Tyson come back fight, Peter McNeeley's trainer was the only one hurt. He threw in the towel so quick, he pulled a muscle. McNeeley went down so fast, Heidi Fleiss demanded 40%. I'm not saying he took a dive, but expert commentary was provided by Greg Louganis. We may not be rid of McNeeley yet. According to the late Andy Warhol, he's still due 13 minutes and 31 seconds of fame.
In the mindbending totally unwarranted optimism column, the Bullets have not yet lost their 42nd game, so they could still finish at .500. Of course after they lose to Indiana tomorrow this will no longer be true. -- John Dobbin
In the never-ending saga of using internet publicists, you can always count on two opinions: those who think publicists suck and, well, the publicists. -- Rob Frankel
In the news... three spacemen in a saucer just ran a red light.
In the Norse mythology Loki originally was on the side of the rest of the gods, helping them once or twice using a particularly nast forms of trickery. He was a cunning negotiator with a talent for technicalities. He was sort of the Norse equivalent of a lawyer, no doubt the reason they tied him down in a pit dripping acidic venom on him. -- Martin Terman
In the now-immortal words of Chris Smith, "Whoops." -- Adam Rifkin
In the nuclear freeze movement, it was like I was a flea on the back of a dinosaur. Now I feel like I'm a hamster on the back of a dinosaur. Or maybe a poodle. -- Phil Zimmerman
In the old days husbands and wives murdered each other. Now they have hit men to do it for them. This is surely the final disgrace of a society corrupted by its own riches. -- Russell Baker (After the Magic Dies, NYT 7/8/97)
In the old days we used to rip out the seat belts and fly through the windshield ready for action. "Thrown from the car." Remember that phrase in accident reports? Always the sign of a very macho driver. -- Denis Leary
In the past, I've subtly helped engineering efforts by minutely adjusting a set of terms used to describe problems so that good engineering thereby became more obvious. (Most folks cannot perceive this skill very well.) -- David McCusker
In the rich man's house there is nowhere to spit but in his face. -- Diogenes
In the same day, I read my book on lethal viruses, went to a wedding, and saw this movie. Somehow, I managed to have Ebola-Tim-Susan-Contact dreams that night, which were quite bizarre indeed. -- Megan Coughlin
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
In the time honored tradition of email, just ignore the question. -- John Dobbin
In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques. -- Art Linkletter
In the town where Pearl Jam was born, Cops is takin' out the grunge. -- Cops
In the tradition of Fatal Attraction, Indecent Proposal, and Basic Instinct comes a twisted tale of lust and violence... Indecent Exposure! -- Adam Rifkin
In the U.S. Government, there is a lot more incompetence and a lot less conspiracy than is generally believed. -- a NASA spokesperson
In the Unabomber's manifesto, he sounds like a liberal in one paragraph, then he contradicts himself in the next paragraph and sound like a conservative. I think the Unabomber is President Clinton.
In the wilderness your possessions cannot surround you. Your preconceptions cannot protect you. Your logic cannot promise you the future. Your guilt can no longer place you safely in the past. You are left alone each day with an immediacy that astonishes, chastens, and exults. You see the world as if for the first time -- Lawrence Kushner (Honey from the rock (Mysticism of the Kabbalah))
In the wildness is the preservation of the world. -- Henry David Thoreau
In the words of the Fonz... Correctomundo. -- Josh Dubey
In the words of the great one: Don't be so certain that I'll always be here just because I've always been. -- John Dobbin
In the world of words the imagination is one of the forces of nature. -- Wallace Stevens
In their early days they were like the young unicorn, wild and uncommitted, which creature cannot be caught by the hunter, no matter how skillful. Nay, but he can only be tamed of his own free will. -- from the apocryphal writings of St. Macrina
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice; In practice, there is. -- Chuck Reid
In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain. -- Pliny the Elder
In this era of big brains, anything which can be done will be done, so hunker down. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Galapagos)
In this fortune, the concluding three words 'were left out'.
In this particular case, I'm pretty sure that he's rubber. You, it appears, are glue. (Martin's helium, and I'm the abstract concept of jingoism.) -- Greg Plesur
In this town of chimpanzees I was a monkey. -- Beck
In this world of sin and sorrow if virtue triumphs over vice it is not because it is virtuous, but because it has bigger and better guns; if honesty prevails over double-dealing, it is not because it is honest, but because it has a stronger army more nobly led; and if good overcomes evil it is not because it is good, but because it has a well-lined purse. It is well to have right on your side, but it is madness to forget that unless we have might we might as well it will avail us nothing. We must believe that God loves men of good will but there is no evidence to show that He will save fools from the results of their folly. -- William Somerset Maugham (Then and Now)
In this world of sin and sorrow, there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican. -- H.L. Mencken
In this world the important thing is not to know more than all men, but to know more at each moment than any particular man. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (Table-Talk, 1808)
In this world there are two kinds of pinatas my friend, those filled with candy and those filled with nitroglycerine.
In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes. -- Benjamin Franklin
In this world, there are two kinds of people: Those who Get It and those who Don't. If the meaning of this is not immediately obvious to you, count yourself as one of the latter.
In this world, truth can wait; she is used to it.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take my advice. -- Winston Churchill
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
In trying times....all that matters is what you get out of it; the rest is just noise. -- Tarrow Leigh Hearn
In unix there are no morals, only determinism. -- Faisal Jawdat
In war there is no substitute for victory.
In war, resolution; in defeat, defiance; in victory, magnanimity; in peace, goodwill. -- Winston Churchill (The Moral of Work)
In Waterworld, Kevin Costner has to drink his own urine. Actually, he's given a choice between that and Zima. -- Jay Leno
In Waterworld's future, 90% of the planet is covered in water. The other 10% consists of Starbuck's Coffee Shops. -- Jay Leno
In weightlifting, I don't think sudden, uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you. -- Jack Handey
In Wien (the German name for Vienna), they like to eat Frankforters. In Frankfort, they eat the same thing, but call them Wieners.
In Xanadu did Kublai Khan a pleasuredome erect. -- Frankie Goes To Hollywood
In years past, flipping someone off tended to earn you a mouthful of calcium chiclets. These days, you extend your middle finger and someone immediately crowns it with a big, gaudy brass ring. -- Suck
In your breathiest voice, tell them to cut the crap about nutrition and ask if they have something outlandishly sinful.
In Zen, one seeks enlightenment, or SATORI - the state of no-mind. In this state, one does not think about the world - one just IS. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Inanimate objects are classified scientifically into 3 major categories: those that don't work, those that break down, and those that get lost. -- Russell Baker
Inappropriate gift: 5,200 pick up... a jumbo deck of cards that lets kids play a larger version of their favorite game.
Inappropriate gift: Cuisin-Art... turns mommy's food processor into a spinning paint tool.
Inappropriate gift: Hammurabi strip poker... lose a hand, lose a hand.
Inappropriate gift: Pee Wee Herman pull toy.
Inappropriate gift: The Duncan Yo... it goes down, never comes back. Teaches children about warranties.
Inappropriate gift: The learn about puberty chia pet.
Inbreeding is how we get championship horses. -- Carl Gunter (Louisiana state representative, explaining why he opposes an anti-abortion bill that allows abortion in cases of incest)
Incest may be against God's law, but this is the law of California we're dealing with. -- Scenes from a Mall
Incest, n.: A game the whole family can play.
Include this in your CONFIG.SYS File: BUGS=OFF
Include this in your CONFIG.SYS File: BUGS=OFF.
Incognito ergo sum.
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. -- Herman Wouk
Incoming fire has the right of way.
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
Incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence.
Incorporate first, do something later. -- John Dobbin
Increasing vision is increasingly expensive. -- R. A. Janek
Increasingly, people seem to misinterpret complexity as sophistication, which is baffling -- the incomprehensible should cause suspicion rather than admiration. Possibly this trend results from a mistaken belief that using a somewhat mysterious device confers an aura of power on the user. -- Niklaus Wirth
Increasingly, we go to a company and we find not a company but a product. Increasingly, that product is not so much a product but features of a product, and increasingly, those features are not features but an idea. -- Marc Andreesen
Incredible shrinking race. -- Public Enemy
Incumbent, n.: Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Indecision is the basis of flexibility.
Indecision is the key to flexibility.
Indeed, Captain Picard, you have found him. -- Spock
Indeed, it would not be an exaggeration to describe the history of the computer industry for the past decade as a massive attempt to keep up with Apple. -- Byte (12/94)
Indiana -- a great tradition of keeping Lake Michigan out of Kentucky. -- Frank Reid
Indifference is a militant thing.... When it goes away it leaves smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat. It is not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery. -- Stephen Crane
Indigians, n.: Native people.
Indigo - the fear of purple heights.
Indirect addressing, n.: Confidential mail forwarding.
Indirect file nested too deep.
Indiscrete mathematicians do it in uncountable ways.
Individual Medleyers know all the strokes.
Individualists of the world unite!
Individualists unite
Ineffable, adj.: 1. Incapable of being expressed; indescribable or unutterable. 2. Not to be uttered; taboo.
Ineptitude: If you can't learn to do something well, learn to enjoy doing it poorly. -- www.despair.com
Inertia makes the world go 'round.
Infamouse? Is that some poor relative of Mickey Mouse? -- Megan Coughlin
Infamy, infamy, they've all got it in fer me.
Infantalization, diminution...are you making a *point* somewhere in this email? It seems to me to just be a bunch of indignant posturing, but then again, I don't have a sp00ky email address yet. Until I get that, & the accompanying G0th Starter Pack, I won't be able to decode the secret language of vampires. You elude me. -- Kevin Zygmontas
Infatuation, like the common cold, must run its course. -- Eli J. Schleifer
Inferiority complex, n.: Conviction by a jury of your fears.
Inferiority complex: a conviction by a jury of your fears.
Infinite loop, n.: See infinite loop.
Infinity is a self-cancelling thought form.
Infinity is one lawyer waiting for another.
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Information Center, n.: A room staffed by professional computer people whose job it is to tell you why you cannot have the information you require.
Information flows uphill and against the wind, to where it can do the most damage. -- Peter Evans
Information is a virus. The Net is the means of transmission. Bureaucracy, centralization, ignorance, and tyranny are its victims. There is no cure.
Information is a weapon. Arm yourself. -- Nikkei Weekly (http://www.japanone.com/in1-h.htm)
Information is held on magnetic tape by a series of punched holes.
Information is the inverse of entropy.
Information is the key to prosperity. -- Brazil
Information is the manager's main tool, indeed the manager's "capital," and it is he who must decide what information he needs and how to use it. -- Peter F. Drucker (Managing the Information Explosion, WSJ 4/10/80)
Information isn't the valuable commodity; the valuable commodity is information SORTING. -- J.C. Herz
Information travels more surely to those with a lesser need to know.
Information was presented like a ruptured fire hose... spraying in all directions, with no way to stop it.
Informercial Tzar isn't a title that can be bestowed - you have to fight your way to the top in televised cage matches. -- Greg Plesur
Ingrate: A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion.
Ingres is not a necessary precursor to Egress.
Inimical, adj.: 1. Injurious or harmful in effect; adverse: habits inimical to good health. 2. Unfriendly; hostile.
Inject lard directly into ass, thus bypassing lengthy digestive processes. -- Top 5
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
Ink, n.: A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote intellectual crime. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Innocence, most often, is good fortune and not a virtue. -- Anatole France
Innovation is hard to schedule. -- Dan Fylstra
Innuendo can be fun.
Innuendo, n.: Italian Suppository.
Inorganic chemists never die. They just don't.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Insanity is hereditary: You get it from your children.
Insanity is just a state of mind.
Insanity is the final defense ... It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
Insanity is the final defense... It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
Insanity runs in my family; it practically gallops...
Insanity... pure insanity.
Insert disk with HURTME.COM and strike Worf when ready.
Insert inevitable trivial witticism of your choice.
Insert your card magnetic stripe down.
Inside every big problem is a small problem trying to get out.
Inside every large problem, there is a small problem trying to get out.
Inside every older person, there's a younger person, wondering what happened.
Inside every small program is a large one struggling to get out.
Inside us there is some secret. We are following a narrow ledge around a mountain, we are sailing on skeletal eerie craft over the buoyant ocean. -- Robert Bly (What Have I Ever Lost by Dying?)
Inside you're laughing. ... Outside you're covered with creamy nougat. -- Ridgley Schantz
Insinuation really makes it happen. And your opinion opened up my eyes. You kept me itching with a contradiction, that all we knew was never memorized. -- Folk Implosion
Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live in the real world. -- Mary Shafer (NASA Ames Dryden)
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Insomnia opens the door to previously untraced memories, makes a mockery of the good sense that possesses us at high noon, and any effort we make to channel our thoughts twists the energy, rebukes us with half-finished faces, sexless bodies; we learn again that our minds are full of snares, knots, goblins, the backward march of the dead, the bridges that end halfway and still hang in the air, those failed to love us, those who irreparably harmed us, intentionally or not, even those we hurt badly and live on incapsulated in our regret. The past thrives on a sleepless night, reduces it to the awesome, distorted essence of all we have met. -- Jim Harrison (Sundog)
Insomnia, n.: The triumph of mind over mattress.
Inspiration and perspiration are related by more than rhyme.
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
Instant availability without continuous presence is probably the best role a mother can play. -- Lotte Bailyn
Instant Hangover: just remove water. -- Laura Atkins
Instant Karma's gonna get you, gonna hit you right in the face. Better get yourself together darling, join the human race. -- John Lennon
Instead of 40 children behaving as one, one child behaved as 40. -- Charles Dickens
Instead of a Seeing Eye dog, what about a gun? It's cheaper than a dog, plus if you walk around shooting all the time people are going to get out of the way. Cars, too! -- Jack Handey
Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -- Jack Handey
Instead of concentrating just on finding good answers to questions, it's more important to learn how to find good questions! -- D.E.K.
Instead of delivering its message all at once, the Starbucks copywriters divide it into two component parts... affluent assumption and third-world misery... and then they highlight these two parts in separate pieces of promotional literature. It's a clever way of sidestepping the political correctness that inhibits too many corporations these days. -- Traffic
Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call them "impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what, can't we all be brothers? -- Jack Handey
instead of ICMPs, let's try sending llamas. they're a little bigger -- Chris Morgan
Instead of sponge bath, they send St. Bernard to lick you. -- David Letterman
Instead of talking to your plants, if you yelled at them would they still grow? Only to be troubled and insecure?
Instead of the eye of the tiger, you've got the dull stare of a dairy cow. -- David Letterman
Instead of untying that knot, you tied another one, and then BOTH disappeared! Where did they go? Tumbolia, of course. That's the Law of Double Nodulation. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Instead of using binary association paths using the composition aggregation adornment, composition may be shown by graphical nesting of the symbols of the elements for the parts within the symbol of the element for the whole. -- the UML Notation Guide (v 1.1)
Instead of worrying about what somebody else is going to do, which is not under your control, the important thing is, what are you going to decide about what is under your control? -- Richard Stallman
Institute: An archaic school where football in not taught.
Instructions on how to turn on a computer: Wear perfume and sit on its lap.
Integrity has no need for rules.
Integrity is praised, and starves.
Integrity is what we do, what we say, and what we say we do. -- Don Galer
Intel inside, idiot outside.
Intel: Putting the backwards in backwards compatibility.
Intel: redefining the PC. And mathematics as well.
Intel: We put the "um..." in Pentium.
Intellectuals are people who believe that ideas are of more importance than values. That is to say, their own ideas and other people's values. -- Gerald Brenan
Intelligence reports are only useful for the intelligent. -- Shane Henry
Intelligent people talk about ideas. Average people talk about things. Small people talk about other people.
Intelligent Terminal - one that does understand what you're trying to do, but is clever enough to screw up in an interesting way.
Interchangable parts won't.
Interchangeable parts won't.
Interesting, but STUPID! -- Laugh-in
Interesting, he said, and threw another log on the calculator. -- The Bug Scientist from Outer Space
Interface, n.: Vhere ve heil der Fuhrer.
Intermission gave way to a miracle. -- Jellyfish
Internal combustion engines are the dinosaurs' revenge.
Internal consistency is more highly valued than efficiency.
Internal consistency is valued more than efficient service.
Internesia, n.: The growing tendency to forget exactly where in Cyberspace you saw a particular bit of information. -- Dave Birch
Internet mailing lists are like Fox television shows. They have really cool previews, and they get you all excited about them, but they just don't live up to their promises. -- John Dobbin
Internet traffic has been increasing enormously, straining the infrastructure. Click here to download a 2.5MB Quicktime movie about it. -- Bruce Sherrod
Internet users are flocking to the Vatican's new Web site (so they say). It turns out though, that most visitors are there to confess after visiting the Cindy Crawford site. Now, the faithful don't have to kiss the Pope's ring - you just double click on it.
Interpreter, n.: One who enables two persons of different languages to understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Interstellar matter is a gas.
Into a closed mouth no fly can enter.
Into love and out again, Thus I went and thus I go. Spare your voice, and hold your pen: Well and bitterly I know All the songs were ever sung, All the words were ever said; Could it be, when I was young, Someone dropped me on my head? -- Dorothy Parker
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
Intriguing. I did not know humans were so capable. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Introverts do it with themselves.
Intumesce, v. intr.: 1. To swell or expand; enlarge. 2. To bubble up, especially from the effect of heating.
Invention + Time = Convention.
Invention is the mother of necessity.
Inventions have long since reached their limit, and I see no hope for further development. -- Julius Sextus Frontinus (highly regarded engineer in Rome, 1st century A.D.)
Invest in physics - own a piece of Dirac!
Invisible airwaves crackle with life, bright antenna bristle with the energy, emotional feedback on timeless wavelength, bearing a gift beyond price, almost free. -- Rush (Spirit of the Radio)
Invisible Systems, Inc. If you don't see it, we made it.
Invoke not Reason. In the end it is too small a deity. -- Alan Moore
Iocaine powder... I'd bet my life on it. -- Princess Bride
IOT trap -- core dumped
IOT trap -- mos dumped
IQ describes how big your gas tank is, but it doesn't tell if you're running on empty.
IQ of the group = lowest IQ of a group member / # people in the group
Iraq won the toss... and elected to receive.
Iraq's national bird... "DUCK"
Iraqi Bingo B-52... F-16... A-10.. F-18... F-117... B-2
Iraqi rifle for sale. Never fired. Dropped once.
IRC is an ideal medium for asking questions extremely slowly, and not reading the answers carefully. -- Michael Meeks
irc wont ruin my grades. nothing can ruin my grades. that would entail my grades getting worse, which is physically impossible unless the registrars office starts using letters of the cyrilic alphabet. -- May Jawdat
Ireland is the sow that eats her farrow. -- James Joyce
Iron Law of Distribution: Them that has, gets.
Iron rusts from disuse; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci (The Notebooks)
Iron was discovered because someone smelt it.
Ironic isn't it, that God gave the tortoise a drag factor of 0.03?
Ironically, the thing that people are most hungry for... meaning... is the one thing science hasn't been able to give them. -- Contact
Irony is like goldy or bronzy, but it's made of iron. -- Blackadder III
Irony is not something that we Americans do well. -- Leslie Moonves (pres of WB TV)
Irony, n.: Milli Vanilli on a Karoake machine.
Irony, n.: When you say exactly what you mean.
Irrational exhuberance... my favorite words of 1997. -- Donald Dabdub
Irrationality is the square root of all evil. -- Douglas Hofstadter
Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors. -- Thomas Henry Huxley
IRS: Income Reduction Service.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
Is "Spam" a word? -- Parker Lewis Can't Lose
Is "tired old cliche" one?
Is a castrated pig disgruntled?
Is a computer language with goto's totally wirth-less?
Is a deadbeat cow a mooocher?
Is a Necrosadist a deadbeat?
Is an existentialist something to eat? -- Brian Trotter
Is eyes a euphemism for breasts? -- John Dobbin
Is he really mad, or has he placed underpants on his head and shoved pencils up his nose? -- Blackadder IV
Is is the verb for when you don't want a verb.
Is it a contradiction to have a "Give wildlife a chance" car tag and be a hunter?
Is it a game of chance? Not the way I play it.
Is it a law of nature that women have to sneeze as soon as they apply their mascara?
Is it a right to remain ignorant? -- Calvin
Is it bad when you refer to all alcohol as pain-go-bye-bye juice? -- Patton Oswalt on Conan O' Brien
Is it bad when you start to think of work as "that place with the really fast internet connection"? -- Chad McDaniel
Is it Barium yet?
Is it chauvinism if I just like them barefoot?
Is it friday yet?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it illegal to use handicapped bathroom stalls, or simply just rude? Because if I have to go, and the only stall unoccupied is the gimp one, I'm taking it. Bladders are EEO. -- Richard Goodman
Is it just me, or do these hot dogs seem a little light on the pig snouts and rodent hairs and a little heavy on the cow lips? -- Top 5
Is it just me, or does it feel like the entire country, the whole damn U.S. of A., is just one big corporation? -- Jonathan Priluck
Is it just me, or have the Byrds been reincarnated as Gin Blossoms? -- Brian Caton
Is it just me, or is the new coke bottle sexually attractive? -- John Dobbin
Is it live, or is it Holodeck?
Is it me, or do I never bear a grunge for more than 48 hours? -- Adam Rifkin
Is it my fault a bunch of guys in sandals did my homework for me 4,000 years ago? -- Philosopy major (on Two Guys, a Girl, and a Pizza Place)
Is it my imagination or do buffalo wings taste a little bit like chicken?
Is it ok to use my AM radio after NOON?
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
Is it possible to be in love with two women at the same time? I don't care, I'm already in trouble. I don't like you, I'm in love with you. -- Howard Stern
Is it possible to be totally partial?
Is it possible to feel gruntled?
Is it really necessary to frisk a naked suspect?
Is it red or white wine with Tokyo? -- David Adler as Godzilla
Is it safe? -- Marathon Man
Is it still paranoia if they ARE ALL out to get me???
Is it the Adam connection that makes things different? -- John Dobbin
Is it the one where you are standing on top of a pyramid surrounded by thousands of naked women screaming and throwing little pickles at you? -- Real Genius
Is it time for lunch yet?
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
Is it wrong in this day and age to ask for a meaningful relationship with one's email? -- Rohit Khare
Is knowledge knowable, and how do we know?
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in? -- Ralph Emerson
Is reality in reality real?
Is sex dirty? Only if it's done right. -- Woody Allen
Is sex in a cornfield Porn on the cob?
Is she a good girl if she returns home from a date with a Gideon Bible under her arm?
Is sin responsible for havoc in the world? As a mathematician, I would say cos is a better candidate because it has maximum value at the origin. Since sin has then value 0, it is surely innocent.
Is someone trying to tell you something?
Is stuff being delivered out of order again, or did we just witness the latest installment of Aleecia Needs A Real Mail Client Theater? -- Dan Martinez
Is that a 10-gallon hat, or are you just enjoying the show? -- Blazing Saddles
Is that a bottle of Windex in your pants, because I can see myself in them?
Is that a flying saucer or a pie in the sky?
Is that a gun in your pocket... or are you just happy to see me? -- Mae West
Is that a hard drive or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a rabbit in your pocket... or are you just happy to see me? -- Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Is that a tic-tac in your pocket or are you just glad to see me? (Pick up line)
Is that funny? Is that a joke? -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Is that lemon in your tea? No, s'lime.
Is that liquid nitrogen? -- Real Genius
Is that seat saved? No, but we're praying for it.
Is that so? Well let me tell you what I believe: I believe that if you don't get off the keyboard and start using the mouse, you'll always play like a little girl! -- Trinity (cr0bar's The Matrix)
Is that the Homer Simpson chess piece from the Franklin Mint collection in your pocket, or are you just packing a roll of quarters for the video arcade? -- Top 5
Is that the one where they were swimming in scuba gear around the hot water vents and the big tube worms were attacking them so G.I. Joe and Cobra briefly teamed up to kill, maim, and destroy the life they did not understand but then once the worms were gone they went back to shooting at each other with color-coded laser weapons that, even though these are the two most highly-funded armies in the world, have yet to injure one human being? -- Adam Rixey
Is the bar tender here? -- termite in a pub
Is the Intel Inside sticker like a warning label?
Is the kidney a kidney-bean-shaped organ, or is the bean a kidney-shaped legume? -- George Carlin
Is there a Dr. Salt?
Is there a problem officers? -- Eddie Murphy (later Ice-T)
Is there a W3O-approved systax for Stellman-side includes yet? -- Dan Martinez
Is there an imaginary cure for hypochondria?
Is there another word for synonym?
Is there anybody listening? Is there anyone who sees what's going on? Read between the lines, criticize the words they're selling, think for yourself and feel the walls become sand beneath your feet. -- Queensryche
Is there anyone on FoRK who is eating to their full hearts' content except for Tim Byars? -- Rohit Khare (opening his next half-liter of diet coke)
Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -- Jack Handey
Is there intelligent life on earth? Yes but I'm only visiting.
Is there life before coffee? -- Bumper sticker
Is there life before death?
is there no accounting for taste? there isn't even a budget for it. -- Sean Levy
Is there not more to life than getting stuff? And getting more of it, Bigger of it, Faster of it, and then stuffing what you can't use now somewhere so you can use it later. If this is so... what a sad routine. How really very very sad. ON THE OTHER HAND... .know for sure that you are rich, when your hunt for alternatives becomes sincere. -- Richard Stine
Is there such a thing as a weather penis? -- Kevin Goldsmith
Is there such a thing as chia catnip pets?? If not, can i patent it?? -- Richard Goodman
Is this a machine? I don't talk to machines [Click]
Is this another one of those films where there's one copy of a disk that everybody needs to get their hands on? Have these idiots never heard of backups? -- John Dobbin
Is this bullshit or fertilizer?
Is this really happening?
Is this the induction film when you go to hell? -- MST3K
Is this the right room for an argument? -- Monty Python
Is this your name or a doctor's eye chart? I try to comprehend you, but I've got a dyslexic heart. -- Paul Westerberg
Is this yours? Your dog left it on my lawn ...
Is this, right here, the first time the word stercoraceous has been used on this list? Benthic? Coprophagous? Hyoid? Einbahnstrasse? Fremitus? Lucubrator? Micturation? Nudiustertian? Osculatory? Philtrum? Stertorous? Trepanation? Trombidiasis? I Hope So, Yawn (TM). -- Wayne Baisley
Is uniformity attainable? Millions of innocent men, women and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced an inch towards uniformity. What has been the effect of coercion? To make one half the world fools, and the other half hypocrites. To support roguery and error all over the earth. -- Thomas Jefferson
Is your continent year 2028 compliant? -- Vijay Gill
Is your job running? You'd better go catch it.
Isaac Newton counts on his fingers.
Ism is an antiphilosophy, a way of being without thinking. The masters of ism are rocks, trees, clams; but it is the fate of higher animal species to have to strive for ism, without ever being able to attain it fully. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Isn't *every* month National Masturbation Month? And If I'm celebrating that, won't I naturally sleep better?
Isn't a nipple/jaw connection called breast feeding? -- Megan Coughlin
Isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do "practice"?
Isn't it appropriate that the month of the tax begins with April Fool's Day and ends with cries of "May Day!"? -- Rob Knauerhase
Isn't it beautiful how everthing that I post here is quoted from someone else? -- Bruce Sherrod
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists? -- Kelvin Throop III
Isn't it just like Hollywood to beat us over the head with catharsis until we don't know up from down? -- Mr. Cranky
Isn't it obvious... it is portable... I mean why buy the new GI Joe doll, when you already have the old one? it has kung fu grip! *BONUS* -- Chris Holly on my Powerbook dreams
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?
Isn't it terrible how they choose exceptionally beautiful women? I mean, shouldn't our role models and ideals be average? Shouldn't we strive to look average, aim for average intelligence, average health, average talent and so on? -- Robert Harley
Isn't it time that somebody said, it's not always wrong to speak ill of the dead? -- Michael Swaine
Isn't it wonderful, his sort of unspoken modesty? -- Ebert of Siskel
Isn't nature wonderful?
Isn't that cool? I mean, if think you committed a crime, they can only hold you for 24 hours without pressing charges, but if they just say, "He's nuts!" they can hold you for five times that; they just have to do it in a different building with "orderlies" instead of "guards." Moral: If you're going to be locked up, make sure it's for something you did, not something you thought. -- Elliott Evans
Isn't that the sweetest little well-balanced undergraduate-level philosophy of life. -- Orson Scott Card (Children of the Mind)
Isn't there always a cat napping on whatever you're reading?
Israel-Jordan peace talks were so big, CNN interrupted 15 seconds of its live OJ coverage for it. -- Jay Leno
Issawi's Law of the Course of Progress: Most things get steadily worse.
Issawi's Law of the Path of Progress: A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
It ain't easy being easy.
It ain't over 'til it's over. -- Yogi Berra
It ain't pretty being easy.
It ain't that there's too many fools in the world, it's just that the lighting ain't distributed right! -- Mark Twain
It all comes down to one thing: whether we are building a burger or a company. If we are building a burger, we take every customer that comes along and cash the checks as quickly as we can, but if we're building a company, we say no to any company that distracts us from the long-term mission. ... A burger is meant to be flipped, whereas a company is meant to be here for the long term. It's the central issue in this company and it affects every decision we make. It affects who we hire, how we spend our money, how we incentivize our people, and whether we accept a customer that doesn't necessarily fit into our business model. We aren't in the burger business. -- Marc Andreessen
It all started in a small 5000-watt radio station in Peoria.
It all sucks. Hardware sucks. I hate people asking me about hardware. My advice always: don't buy anything. -- Bruce Sherrod
It also occurs to me that sometimes it's enough to recognize my own hypocrisy without fixing it. For instance, I wear leather boots and clothes, which contradicts my views on animal rights. I wish I had a dollar for every person who pointed that out to me, thinking they just blew a huge hole in my entire belief system that would send me into a downward spiral of inner turmoil. Man, I'd have, like, twelve dollars. -- Andrew Stellman
It appears that spring has sprung. And then broke.
It bothers me when people say, We lost Uncle Jim. It SOUNDS so careless. -- Irene Lisenbee Galvin
It brings a ray of sunshine to my unhappy life, to make him kneel before me and slowly twist the knife. -- Mr. Burns (the Simpsons)
It bungles the brain -- Thanh Boyer
It can't be cruel and *unusual* punishment, because I've heard of it before. -- Barbara Rush
It can't be full...I STILL HAVE SUBDIRECTORIES
It can't rain all the time. -- Eric Draven (The Crow)
It cannot be expressed with words and it cannot be expressed without words. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
It cannot be proven that this statement cannot be proven.
It certainly comes up from time to time in the context of, you know, testimony and other things... We do -- the briefers -- also, from time to time, get those questions as well. As to -- you know, nothing has changed on that in terms of our position and, you know, I think it's -- you know, I can refer you to, you know, to probably to previous statements by officials on that. But I don't have anything -- you know, I mean, you know, our -- I think -- I don't have -- you know, I -- we -- usually we try to have, you know, a little bit of something on that. I'm not sure that it's going to be, you know, specifically what you're looking for. You know, generally speaking, our position that on settlements that it's the Palestinians and the Israelis have agreed that the final status negotiations will cover these issues and, you know, that's -- that's also our view. -- Christine Shelly (State Department deputy press secretary, when asked if there has been a "clear statement of [administration] policy on settlements in the occupied territories.")
It costs $9,600 to treat the average gunshot victim in New York City. That's what's wrong with our health care system. Give a mugger half that, and he won't even shoot you.
It could be argued that having e-mail is a prerequisite to dating me. -- Megan Coughlin
It could be argued that I know slightly less about what it means to be in a healthy long-term relationship than your average monkey does about what it feels like to drown in quicksand. -- Dan Martinez
It could be worse--it might be raining.
It could be worse. It could be C++. -- Faisal Jawdat
It could have happened, so it must be true.
It cracks me up every time I see a juice carton with the words "Serve ice cold" written on it. How else would you serve ice?
It depends on which end he tries to light.
It depends on which end he tries to light...
It didn't take very much reductio to get right down to absurdium from where you started.
It didn't used to be like this. People cared.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg. -- Thomas Jefferson
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations if you live near him. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
It does not matter how pleased an author might be to have converted all the right data into sentences and paragraphs; it matters only whether a large majority of the reading audience accurately perceives what the author had in mind. -- The Science of Scientific Writing
It doesn't do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
It doesn't feel weird at all. In fact, it's spookily comfortable. -- Johnny Depp on drag
It doesn't HURT to be optimistic. You can always cry later. -- Lucimar Santos de Lima
It doesn't impress the girls of course but there's no sense impressing them and then getting killed, my dad used to say... -- Bill Watterson (Hobbes)
It doesn't make sense to make pages complex and use a lot of graphics. If you make a site look really fancy, it looks great the first time. The second time it's amusing. And the third time it's just plain annoying. -- Farzad Nazem (CTO, Yahoo!)
It doesn't matter how off-hand they are if you get to go to Hawaii for New Year! -- John Thornley
It doesn't matter how or where you jump. What counts is how you land.
It doesn't matter if you fall down, as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose... until you lose.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is, it's always room temperature. -- Steven Wright
It doesn't matter whether Mike and Jimmy disembowel Lewis or barbecue his favorite pet... you can bet the farm that the inevitable "bond of friendship" will form at the end, because if it didn't, some in the audience might start thinking that crimes had consequences. -- Mr. Cranky
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.
It doesn't much matter whom one marries, for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else. -- Will Rogers
It doesn't take a genius to see how gorgeous you are, but if it did, I'd be overqualified. -- Top 5
It doesn't take a village. It takes an indictment. -- Rush Limbaugh
It doesn't TAKE all kinds; we just HAVE all kinds.
It doesn't work, but I'm working on it.
It doesn't work, but it looks pretty.
IT FEELS SOOOO GOOOD! Let's celebrate when we get time to breathe. I'm concerned about renal failure because I haven't had time to use the rest room. Any suggestions? (About celebration... not renal failure.) -- Mani Chandy
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons, insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather than be the instrument of his army's downfall. -- Napoleon (Military Maxims and Thought)
It gets late early out here. -- Yogi Berra
It gets worse, though, because Bethell was also a *fine-arts* student, which means that he had apparently been getting either too much Cindy Sherman or not enough Baroque 101. -- Simon Schama (The New Yorker, on yet another Rembrandt vandal)
It got quiet. Any of you out there who have met me should realize the staggering import of that statement. -- Rohit Khare
It happened before; it can happen again. It's just a question of when. -- Armageddon
It happens. People just explode. Natural causes. -- Repo Man
It has become obvious to me that too many people are educated far beyond their intelligence.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of others, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell. -- Ambrose Bierce
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -- Bertrand Russell
It has been suggested that the Internet might be a good way to vote for our elected officials. If my experience is any guide, though, it appears there are still a few bugs to be worked out before you'll be able to elect the next President while sitting at home in your underwear, unless you want Shecky Greene running the country. -- John Linnell
It has come to our attention that there is a remote tribe that worships the number zero. Is nothing sacred?
It has ever been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
it has gotten to the point where i can construct quotesfilable sentences at will. it's like i start to say something and part of the function call of saying something is that i can set a flag for "quotefiles". what do you want to do today? [] work at tower records [] route for uunet [] hunt vampires [] say something quotable. CHOOSE WISELY. translation: i'm living in an episode of friends. vijay == jennifer aniston. FROM THE DARK SIDE. -- Faisal Jawdat
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in laboratory rats.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It has many other uses as well. Allow me. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value. -- Arthur C. Clarke
It hurt real bad. -- John Wayne Bobbitt
It is *not* self-sacrifice to give up something you like for something you love. -- Kate Page
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. -- Arthur Conan Doyle
It is a capital mistake to theorize before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment. -- Sherlock Holmes (The Sign of Four)
It is a common failing of man not to take account of tempests during fair weather. -- Machiavelli
It is a fair summary of history to say that the safeguards of liberty have been frequently forged in controversies involving not very nice people (US vs Rabinowitz, 1950)). -- Felix Frankfurter
It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -- W. Sommerset Maugham
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. -- Winston Churchill (My Early Life)
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read ~adam/bin/MsgList. -- Monsieur Slack (aka Robert Harley)
It is a great day in our lives when we realize that we are not the general manager of the universe. (Dr. Dale Turner)
It is a kind of spiritual snobbery to think one can be happy without money. -- Camus
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is a lightsaber. The weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as random or clumsy as a blaster. An elegant weapon for a more civilized age. -- Star Wars
It is a little reminiscent of this surefire cure for hiccups: Run around the house three times without thinking of the word "wolf". -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
It is a lovely, old, gothic building, if somewhat inclined to smell like urine. -- Megan Coughlin on the demolished interior of the Multnomah County Central Library in Portland
It is a luxury to be understood. -- Emerson
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
It is a mistake to believe that Uncle Sam can open his pocketbook and let you keep yours closed. -- LA Times Syndicate (1978)
It is a myth, not a mandate, a fable not a logic, and symbol rather than reason by which men are moved. -- Irwin Edman
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish. -- Aeschylus
It is a shame the author didn't read the tax code before writing this book. It is obvious she was unwilling to be encumbered by the facts. My right wing relatives love it. They also think of pork rinds as an entree. -- Warren Norwood (amazon.com review of The Greedy Hand)
It is a sin to believe evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake. -- H.L. Mencken (A Book of Burlesques)
It is a statistical impossibility that everyone in the neighborhood can be a complete butthead. -- Dave Engledow
It is a strange world of language in which walking on thin ice can get you into hot water.
It is a tragedy in our society that we have so few innovators, and so many copiers.
It is a tribute to everyone who worked on the film, especially William Shakespeare. -- Kenneth Branagh (on being nominated for the Best Screenplay Adaptation Oscar for Hamlet)
It is a very good book, but it was not a book meant to be read. -- Yaser Abu-Mostafa
It is a well-known fact that a deceased body harms the mind.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is about a socialist, anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians. -- Pat Robertson on equal rights
It is absolutely, positively *has* to be destroyed over night!
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical? -- Alan Perlis
It is all bad ... They are making it a breeding place for future war. -- Edward Mandell House (Adviser to President Wilson, upon seeing secret French and British plans for partition of the Middle East after World War I, May 1917, quoted in Fromkin's "A Peace to End All Peace")
It is always better to sacrifice your opponent's men.
It is always dangerous when your enemy has a sense of humor. Just ask Batman. -- Ian MacDonald (Scissors Cut Paper Wrap Stone)
It is always darkest just before dawn.
It is always possible to aglutenate multiple separate problems into a single complex interdependent solution. In most cases this is a bad idea. -- Ross Callon
It is always possible to assume the incorrect.
It is always preferable to visit home with a friend. Your parents will not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature human beings ... -- Playboy (January 1983)
It is always something. (corollary). Good, Fast, Cheap: Pick any two (you can't have all three). -- Ross Callon
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless of course you are an exceptionally good liar. -- Jerome K. Jerome (1859-1927)
It is always the best policy to speak the truth--unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar. -- Jerome K. Jerome
It is always the partner's fault.
It is always the wrong time of month.
It is always worthwhile to spend huge amounts of time writing nifty programs that save small amounts of time. -- Seth Golub
It is amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired. -- Robert A. Heinlein
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color. -- Voltaire
It is an all-too-human frailty to suppose that a favorable wind will blow forever. -- Rick Bode (First You Have to Row a Little Boat)
It is an illusion to think that more comfort means more happiness. Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, and to be needed. -- Storm Jameson
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises - but only performance is reality. -- Harold S. Geneen
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose. -- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)
It IS as bad as you think, and they ARE out to get you.
It is as fatal as it is cowardly to blink facts because they are not to our taste. -- John Tyndall (Science and Man)
It is bad luck to be superstitious. -- Andrew W. Mathis
It is being reported that bra sales are up, but experts can't seem to agree whether the sales are really up, or if the numbers are just being padded.
It is best solved in certain situations by a good scream.
It is better aim for the stars and hit the moon, than to aim for the trees, and hit the ground. -- Suzanne Oggenfuss
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it. -- Henry Allen
It is better to be a closet claustrophobic than a flaming pyromaniac.
It is better to be a has been then one who never was.
It is better to be a smart ass than a dumb ass. -- Daniel Kaminsky
It is better to be brief than boring.
It is better to be deceived by a friend, than to suspect him.
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies. -- Arthur Calwell
It is better to be feared than loved.
It is better to be first with an ugly woman than the hundredth with a beauty. -- Pearl Buck (The Good Earth)
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. -- Andre Gide
It is better to be looked over than overlooked.
It is better to be pissed off than pissed on. -- Socrates
It is better to copulate than never.
It is better to debate a question without settling it, than to settle a question without debating it. -- Joseph Joubert
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to get where you want to go slowly, than to get where you dont want to be quickly.
It is better to give than to lend and the cost is about the same.
It is better to go into a corner slow and come out fast than to go into a corner fast and come out dead. -- Stirling Moss
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating. -- Oscar Wilde
It is better to have a regular income than to be fascinating. -- Oscar Wilde
It is better to have flunked your Wasserman test than never to have loved at all.
It is better to have loft and lost than to never have loft at all. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
It is better to have loved a short woman than never to have loved a tall.
It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Well, as long as there was no betting.
It is better to have loved and lost than to have your finger caught in a blender.
It is better to have loved and lust.
It is better to have men ask why you have no statue, than why you have one.
It is better to have tried and failed than never to have failed at all. -- David Farber
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is better to limp all the way to heaven, than not to get there at all. -- William Sunday
It is better to place a fence at the edge of a cliff than to have an ambulance waiting at the bottom.
It is better to risk saving a guilty person than to condemn an innocent one.
It is better to rule in hell than serve in heaven.
It is better to try and fail than to do nothing and succeed.
It is better to vote for someone you like and have them not elected than to vote for someone you dislike and have them elected.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is by caffeine alone I set my mind in motion, it is by the beans of java that the thoughts aquire speed, the hands aquire shakes, the shakes become a warning, it is by caffeine alone I set my mind in motion. -- Dennis Ferguson
It is by caffeine alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the beans of Java that the thougts acquire speed, the hands acquire shakes, the shakes become a warning. It is by caffeine alone I set my mind in motion. -- Paul Ward
It is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion. It is by the Mountain Dew that the thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -- Mark Twain
It is commonly not your practice to make up your mind until the very last minute.
It is crap. It is nothing but crap. It is only crap. It is purely crap. It is the worst kind of pandering magnetic hernia truss multi-level marketing to make you rich beyond your wildest dreams by tomorrow without so much as a lick of personal inconvenience crap. It is Lotto crap, Publisher's Clearinghouse crap, hollow Earth crap, Heaven's Gate crap, teleevangelical crap, diversity crap, thinner thighs in 30 days crap, other-ablement crap, learning disablement crap, Virgin Mary on a taco crap, War on Drugs crap, eat oat bran crap, breast enlargement cream crap, buy the Brooklyn Bridge at only a tiny fraction of its true value crap, 1000-year old ginseng crap, 5000 yogic floaters to cleanse the world crap, free energy crap, anti-gravity crap, hot young girls waiting for your call crap, psychics hotline crap, never change your engine oil again crap, interpret your dreams crap, sure-fire horse betting crap, Superman squeezing a lump of coal into a blue white and perfect fully facetted 290 carat diamond crap... ... Peace Dividend crap, pacification crap, peace in our time crap, Pacem in Terris crap, Limits to Growth crap, Whip Inflation Now crap, I am not a crook crap, nucular engineer crap, I didn't inhale crap, Health Care Crisis crap... ...Workers' Paradise crap, Democratic Republic of [you name it] crap, Save the Earth crap, Furbish lousewort crap, clothe animals to hide their genitalia crap, N-rays crap, Krebiozen crap, amygdalin crap, smart drugs crap, cosmic consciousness crap, orgone energy crap... Why don't you buy several sets? You might be able to match up a pairing that works. Think of the money you will make! -- Richard Guy
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid. -- George Bernard Shaw
It is difficult for me to comprehend the fact that some people actually do not consider all uses of explosives to be recreational. -- Ragnar Benson
It is difficult to believe that someone can differ from us and be right.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper. -- Rod Serling
It is difficult to prophesy, especially about the future.
It is difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
It is difficult to soar with eagles when you work with turkeys.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased. -- Kehlog Albran (The Profit)
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. -- Alfred Adler
It is easier to find something worth dying for, than it is to find something worth living for.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor. -- Eric Hoffer
It is easier to move a problem around (for example, by moving the problem to a different part of the overall network architecture) than it is to solve it. (corollary). It is always possible to add another level of indirection. -- Ross Callon
It is easier to port a shell than a shell script. -- Larry Wall
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. -- Leonardo da Vinci
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than to understand a correct one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is easy to carry on war with a spyglass.
It is easy to display a wound, the proud scars of combat. It is hard to show a pimple. -- Leonard Cohen (The Favourite Game)
It is essential that opposing action systems do not execute simultaneously.
It is extremely difficult to relax when you are falling from a high place.
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
It is far safer to be feared than loved. -- Machiavelli
It is fatal to live too long.
It is fortune, not wisdom that rules man's life.
It is generally agreed that Hello is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said Goodbye, it could confuse a lot of people. -- Dolph Sharp (I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot)
It is generally inadvisable to eject directly over the area you just bombed.
It is good to know the truth, but it is better to speak of palm trees. -- Arabic proverb
It is hard to be brave, when you're only a Very Small Animal. -- AA Milne (Piglet)
It is hard to fail, but it is worse to never have tried to succeed. In this life we get nothing, save by effort. -- Teddy Roosevelt
It is hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It is illegal to skateboard on walls "or other vertical surfaces" in Palo Alto.
It is important to keep an open mind, but not so open that your brains fall out.
It is important to realize that the Web is what we make it. 'We' being the people who read, the people who teach children how to surf the Web, the people who put information up on the Web. Particularly the people who make links.... The Web doesn't force anything down your throat. If you are worried that your children are going to read low-quality information, teach them. Teach them what to read. Teach them how to judge information. -- Tim Berners-Lee (Scientific American 12/97)
It is impossible for ideas to compete in the marketplace if no forum for their presentation is provided or available. -- Thomas Mann
It is impossible to both prevent and prepare for war. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in an argument. -- William Gibbs McAdoo
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do. -- Jerome K. Jerome
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly, if one does not have plenty of work to do.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -- Woody Allen
It is impossible to instruct a canine codger in unfamiliar maneuvers.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to make something foolproof, because fools are so ingenious. -- Edsel Murphy
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off. -- Woody Allen
It is in these hills that Juan Valdez and his trusty goat gather coffee beans every morning. -- Butt-head
It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office. -- H.L. Mencken
It is incompetent, irrelevant, and immaterial... or something. -- Butt-head
It is incredibly hot up here today. It's digustingly hot, the air is thick, sticky dirty fumes are eminating from strange places, and I'm afraid to move around too fast. I feel like I'm in someone's asshole. Not that I would know. -- Kelli Church
It is incumbent on us to avoid archaisms.
It is inhumane, in my opinion, to force people who have a genuine medical need for coffee to wait in line behind people who apparently view it as some kind of recreational activity. -- Dave Barry
It is irresistible, if you come to them as a scientist, to feel it's there in your hands, to release this energy that fuels the stars, to let it do your bidding, to perform these miracles, to lift a million tons of rock into the sky; it is something that gives people the illusion of illimitable power and it is, in some ways, responsible for all our troubles, I would say - this, what you might call technical arrogance that overcomes people when they see what they can do with their minds. -- Freeman Dyson
It is kind of fun to do this, and I'm sorry for making fun of you all that time. -- Michelle Gardner
It is later than you think.
It is man's indomitable nature to scare himself silly for no good reason! -- Calvin
It is morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
It is more blessed to give than to receive. -- Acts of the Apostles (ch 20, v 35)
It is more complicated than you think. -- Ross Callon
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
It is much safer to obey than to rule. -- Thomas A. Kempis
It is musch easier to be critical than to be correct.
It is necessary for man to have choice to be good or evil, even if he chooses evil. To deprive him of this choice is to make him something less than human... a clockwork orange. -- Stanley Kubrick
It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody. -- Richard Nixon
It is never too late to give up your prejudices. No way of thinking or doing, however ancient, can be trusted without proof. -- Henry David Thoreau (Walden)
It is never wise to seek or wish for another's misfortune. If malice or envy were tangible and had a shape, it would be the shape of a boomerang. -- Charley Reese
It is no longer detox week. It is obviously *not* detox week. What street is this? -- Morrigan Condo
It is not an optical illusion. It just looks like one. -- Phil White
It is not difficult to avoid death...it is much more difficult to avoid wickedness, for it runs faster than death. -- Socrates (via Plato)
It is not enough if you are busy. The question is, what are you busy about? -- Henry David Thoreau
It is not enough to fight. It is the spirit which we bring to the fight that decides the issue. It is morale that wins the victory. -- General George Catlett Marshall (Military Review)
It is not enough to have knowledge, one must also apply it. It is not enough to have wishes, one must also accomplish. -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail. -- Gore Vidal
It is not enough to succeed; others must fail. -- Gore Vidal
It is not every question that deserves an answer.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker, that we expect our dinner; but from their regard to their own interest. -- Adam Smith
It is not funny that a man should die, but it is funny that he should be killed for so little, and the coin of his death should be what we call civilization. -- R. Chandler
It is not how much you have, it is how much you give.
It is not length of life, but depth of life. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not necessarily effeminate to drink tea.
It is not news that the United States has the world's most stupid right-wing politicians. What is shocking is that they have managed to attract so many media and opinion makers to join their smear campaign against Bill Clinton. -- Danish daily paper Politiken
It is not only what we do, but also what we do not do, for which we are accountable. -- Moliere
It is not possible to step in the same river twice. -- Heraclitus
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles; or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by the dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly; who errs, and comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deed, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself in a worthy cause, who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat. -- Theodore Roosevelt
It is not the fall that kills you. It's the sudden stop at the end. -- Douglas Adams
It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it's one damn thing over and over. -- Edna St. Vincent Millay
It is not true that woman was made from man's rib; she was really made from his funny bone. -- James Barrie (What Every Woman Knows)
It is not without reason that I am being unreasonable.
It is now 10 p.m. Do you know where Henry Kissinger is? -- Elizabeth Carpenter
It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics. -- Fletcher Knebel
It is odd, but on the infrequent occasions when I have been called upon in a formal place to play the bongo drums, the introducer never seems to find it necessary to mention that I also do theoretical physics. -- Richard Feynman (SCIENCE-WEEK)
It is of interest to note that while some dolphins are reported to have learned English (up to fifty words used in correct context) no human being has been reported to have learned dolphinese. -- Carl Sagan
It is of interest to note that while some dolphins are reported to have learned English -- up to fifty words used in correct context -- no human being has been reported to have learned dolphinese. -- Carl Sagan
It is of men, and them only, that one should always be frightened. -- Louis Ferdinand Celine (Journey to the End of the Night)
It is often better not to see an insult than to avenge it.
It is one of the chief merits of proofs that they instill a certain amount of skepticism as to the result proved. -- Bertrand Russell
It is one of the commonest of mistakes to consider that the limit of our power of perception is also the limit of all there is to perceive. -- C.W. Leadbeater
It is one of the most beautiful compensations of this life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue. -- Voltaire
It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper to ourselves. -- C.S. Lewis
It is only shallow people who do not judge by appearances.
It is only the souls that do not Love that go empty into this world. -- Robert H. Benson (1906)
it is only the strong who are capable of ripping off their own limbs. -- Matt Messner
It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are. -- Clive James
It is only when we follow our dreams that we can discover the magic within ourselves.
It is perhaps wrong to say that the enemy of enlightenment is logic; rather, it is dualistic, verbal thinking. In fact, it is even more basic than that: it is perception. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
It is possible to be below flattery as well as above it. -- Thomas Babington Macaulay
It is possible to commit no mistakes, and still lose. That is not weakness, that is life. -- Jean-Luc Picard
It is possible to use karate against an army of plankton... but it won't help.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC; as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
It is preferable to incur a mild punishment than to perform an onerous task. -- Roald Dahl
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed. -- Kin Hubbard
It is rare that one can see in a little boy the promise of a man, but one can almost always see in a little girl the threat of a woman. -- Alexandre Dumas
It is regrettable for the education of the young that war stories are always told by those who survived. -- Louis Scutenaire
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
It is said the tongue has no bone, yet it crushes.
It is so bad, I've not only lost interest... I've lost apathy!
It is so easy to miss pretty trivial solutions to problems deemed complicated. The goal of a scientist is to find an interesting problem, and live off it for a while. The goal of an engineer is to evade interesting problems. -- Vadim Antonov
It is strictly verboten to dis Mickey around the Disney lot... and for that reason, Disney-haters call it "Mauswicz."
It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion. -- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
It is tempting to deny the existence of evil, since denying it obviates the need to fight it. -- Alexis Carrel
It is the business of little minds to shrink. -- Carl Sandburg
It is the business of the future to be dangerous. -- Hawkwind
It is the customary fate of new truths to begin as heresies and to end as superstitions. -- T.H. Huxley
It is the downfall of evil, that it never sees far enough ahead. -- Orson Scott Card (Stone Tables)
It is the good life, modulo working 16 hour days. -- Rohit Khare
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little. Do what you can. -- Sydney Smith
It is the intonation and not the intention that matters.
It is the little bits of things that fret and worry us; we can dodge an elephant, but we can't dodge a fly. -- Josh Billings
It is the mind that makes the body. -- Sojourner Truth
It is the most radical empire to all that which is radical. -- Butt-head
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It is the triumph of reason to get on with those that have none. -- Voltaire
It is the wise bird that builds its nest in a tree.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It is true that a black hat can find vulnerabilities in a binary-only application, and that they can attempt to steal the source code to the application from its closed source. But in the same amount of time they can do that, they can audit ten different open source applications for vulnerabilities. A bad guy that can operate a hex editor can probably manage to grep source code for 'strcpy'. -- Elias Levy
It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity. But it takes Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.
It is true that some lawyers are dishonest, arrogant, greedy, venal, amoral, ruthless buckets of slime. On the other hand, it is unfair to judge the entire profession by a few hundred thousand bad apples. -- James D. Gordon III (The Washington Post)
It is truly written that man has five times as many fingers as ears, but only twice as many ears as noses.
It is unwise to trust those you do not know well.
It is vacuous to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with innovative maneuvers.
It is very dark. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
It is very difficult to be learned; it seems as if people were worn out on the way to great thoughts, and can never enjoy them because they are too tired. -- George Eliot (Dorothea Casaubon in Middlemarch)
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
It is well to remember that the entire population of the universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others. -- John Andrew Holmes
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure. -- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
It is when we forget ourselves that we do things that are most likely to be remembered.
It is when you sit down and watch a show, and it just flashes by and then suddenly it is finished, and you have no questions. That is quality television. -- Jeremy Beadle
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final. -- Roger Babson
It is wiser to choose what you say than to say what you choose.
It is with deepest regrets we must inform you that you're a weenie. -- Matt Rupert
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks of it but few have ever seen it. -- Francois de Las Rochenfoucald
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire. -- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
It is, after all, only a moment in the infinity of time.
It isn't an art film because it has subtitles. No, it's an art film because of the midget. -- Mr. Cranky
It isn't homework unless it's due tomorrow.
It isn't life that matters, it's the courage you bring to it. -- Hugh Walpole
It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
It isn't premarital sex if you never get married.
it isn't really reasonable to ascribe the ability to break the laws of physics to the military - hundreds of billions of dollars is not enough to bribe god into granting exceptions -- Ethan Schartman
It isn't so astonishing the number of things I can remember, as the number of things I can remember that aren't so. -- Mark Twain
It isn't so much what's on the table that matters, as what's on the chairs. -- William Schwenck Gilbert
It isn't what they say about you, it's what they whisper. -- Errol Flynn
It isn't work unless you'd rather be doing something else.
It just goes to show you that if you eat Dookie, you won't die. -- Green Day at Woodstock
It just goes to show you, its always something.
It just shows what the law of supply and demand can do when it gets really, really out of whack. -- WSJ on Netscape
It just so happens that I have had PLENTY of great sex. -- When Harry Met Sally
It lights the world to our world to my delight. Infinity is present in each part. A loving smile contains all art. The motes of starlight spark and dart. A grain of sand holds power and might. Infinity is present in each part, and a great ring of pure and endless light dazzles the darkness in my heart. -- Madeleine L'Engle
It looks like a penis, only smaller. -- Ford Fairlane
It looks like an optical illusion, but it isn't.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
It looks like the sands of time could be running out for our lads.
It looks worse than it really is. -- Jerry Maguire
It makes a difference whose ox is gored. -- Martin Luther
It matters if you don't just give up. -- Stephen Hawking
It matters not how straight the gate, how charged with punishment the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul. -- William Ernest Henry
It matters not how strait the gate / How charged with punishments the scroll / I am the master of my fate: / I am the captain of my soul. -- William Ernest
It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too good either if you speak when your head is empty.
It may be that they started off retarded, or it may be that Delphi did it. -- Robert Rodgers
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It may be those who do most, dream most.
It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can keep him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important. -- Martin Luther King Jr. (Lawyer's Wit and Wisdom, p 19)
It may bring new kinds of emotional disturbances and mental illnesses.
It may slow your thesis a bit, but this sort of experience is always good. -- Mani Chandy
It might be in the basement. I'll go upstairs and check. -- M.C. Escher
It might be scary if my life were to become a farce from which there were no escape, but not so scary as, say, a ten-foot spider with big googly eyes and fangs. -- Steve Sisson
It must be human. No inanimate object could be that perverse. -- DJ Byrne
It must be inordinately taxing to be such a boob. You have no idea. -- The Brain and Pinky
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to managment than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who gain by the new ones. -- Machiavelli
It must be spring backhoe planting season. -- Sean Donelan
It must be true men are from Mars. Look at how the place is decorated.
It needs no dictionary of quotations to remind me that the eyes are the window of the soul. -- Sir Max Beerbohm
It never rains, it never snows. How we survived, God only knows.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
It occurred to me, as I set up my Christmas tree, that it's been ages since I sent a note that wasn't just a bunch of responses. -- John Dobbin
It often shows a fine command of a language to say nothing.
It only rains straight down. God doesn't do windows.
It ought to be illegal to yell 'Y2K' in a crowded economy -- Larry Wall
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety. -- Isaac Asimov (Salvor Hardin, Foundation trilogy)
It puts the lotion on its skin. -- Silence of the Lambs
It really bothers me when people cut me o...
It really did put a damper on everyone's enthusiasm for reading other people's mail. Not that we stopped doing it, but we did at least think twice. -- John Dobbin
It really is a shame that this is the only planet we have a choice to live on. -- Howard Stern
It recalls all those horrible films tagged with "Wes Craven presents," which soon became a translation for "we gave Wes $100,000 for the use of his name, but he didn't do anything more than bend over so we could pucker up and kiss his ass." You know that when somebody has chosen bending over to actually doing the work, they've truly gone Hollywood. -- Mr. Cranky
It represents man's struggle against giant rotating penises. -- Anu Kapoor
It requires the consumption of several souls of graduate students... -- Paolo Sivilotti
It runs as x, where x is something unsavory.
It said "Insert disk #3", but only two will fit!
It said insert disk #3 - but onty two will fit...
It seemed a little odd when the local cemetery raised the prices of its burial lots and blamed it on the cost of living.
It seemed like a silly idea at first, but now I sleep much better with my eyes closed. -- Wade Kwon
It seems an anonymous benefactor posted, to certain pruriently popular newsgroups, pictures of intrepid amazons baring their mighty bosoms on the Disney ride. The legal, technical, moral, ethical, and erotical implications are deliciously staggering. -- Netsurfer Digest
It seems everything in the world gets more valuable as it ages, except the human body. -- Ken Roesler
It seems like everyone on FoRK has some kind of agenda they're trying to get away with. I'm the only pure one on the LiST! -- Joe Kiniry
It seems like I've been wearing this same red dress forever! -- Lisa Simpson
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems stupid when people limit themselves to one kind of music. It tells me they're not using their ears. -- Diamanda Galas
It seems that the Webcrawler is fast and loose, and Lycos is slow and tight. Maybe Lycos would give you more of what you want. -- Bob Allison
It seems that when the situation is at its worst, you people are at your best. -- Starman
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard. -- Dorothy Parker (on going to the hopspital to have an abortion)
It should be illegal to yell "Y2K" in a crowded economy. -- Larry Wall (creator of the programming language Perl (from http://www.salonmagazine.com/21st/))
It shouldn't matter for college applications, since the school's name isn't something like "Oscar Wilde's School for Poofs." -- Megan Coughlin
It shows us vs. them, and I'm on the us side. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
It smells like fried dog hair. -- Ghostbusters
It stinks! (with OK hand gesture) -- Pod People
It struck me that I'd heard a lot of engineers say they wished they hadn't worked so hard on a start-up company, a lot of professors say it was a shame that they'd put their research ahead of their marriage, a lot of lawyers question their value to society, but I'd never heard anyone say he or she regretted time spent raising children. What would happen to my friends if they didn't realize their goals? Even worse, what would happen if they did realize those goals then came to see them as not sufficient? -- Philip Greenspun (Travels with Samantha)
It sure would be nice if we got a day off for the President's birthday, like they do for the queen. Of course, then we would have a lot of people voting for a candidate born on July 3 or December 26, just for the long weekends.
It swims through a sublogical fantasy world where there are no rules that can't be violated by the set designer, where everybody is really thin and beautiful and wears really cool clothes, and where death is everywhere. -- Stephen Hunter (The Washington Post, review of 'The Cell')
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man. -- Jack Handey
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone-but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
It takes a minute to write a safety rule. It takes an hour to hold a meeting. It takes a week to develop a safety program. It takes a month to put it into operation. It takes a year to win a safety award. It takes a lifetime to train a safe worker. It takes one second to destroy it all with one accident.
It takes a modem to run a baudy house.
It takes a nation of millions to hold us back. -- Public Enemy
It takes a smart man to know when he's stupid. -- Barney Rubble
It takes a very unusual mind to undertake the obvious. -- Alfred North Whitehead
It takes a village to raise a child. -- African adage
It takes a wise man to recognize a wise man. -- Xenophanes
It takes about the same amount of effort to write a good screenplay as it takes to make a complete typeface family. Often, they are both scripts, they both have characters, they both require a lot of editing, and having the good idea is half the job. -- Dave Siegel
It takes all the running you can do to keep in the same place. If you want to get somewhere else, you must run at least twice as fast as that! -- Lewis Carroll
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
It takes Microsoft 10 years to get rid of the mess when you boot; why should we believe that you can make Windows easy to program in only two years? -- Steve Jobs to Microsoft's J. Allchin
it takes more than simple sex to crash the routers at digex. ... it takes FDDI bondage, and subnetting your partner. -- Shawn Ferry
It takes the human body 24 hours to turn food into waste. It takes Denny's 6 minutes.
It takes two people to play frisbee. Buy a boomerang. -- Slacker
It takes two to get one in trouble. -- Mae West
It takes two to lie. One to lie and one to believe.
It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak and another to hear. -- Henry David Thoreau
It takes zero politically correct assholes to screw in a lightbulb because they are perpetually in the dark... -- Dennis Miller
It took a little research, but it seems that for once I'm not talking out of my ass. -- Andrew Stellman
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by then I was too famous. -- Robert Benchley
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give up because by that time I was too famous.
It took us over a minute to get one of our programmers to click on the bunny. He kept saying how cute it was. -- John Dobbin
It touches us enough to let us know we're not alone in the universe, even in sleep. -- Adrienne Rich
It turns out that elf cookies are pretty weak individually, but they have a fudgy group consciousness and they attack in packs like wolves. -- Greg Plesur
it turns out that it is not better to have tried and failed than to never have tried at all. it's better to not look like an idiot while doing so. -- Joshua Schachter
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. -- Mark Twain
It was a beautiful, almost poetic way to cap what had been a textbook career of brilliant, original mathematical insights punctuated with outbursts of random, deeply unhinged violence. -- Olin Shivers
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was a case of love at Versailles.
It was a dark and horny night. -- Top 5
It was a dark and stormy night.
It was a dark and stormy nightmare. -- Generation Ecch!
It was a good job, but not a great job. It taught me a lot about how I want to spend 40 years until retirement. About my values, and what's important to me. What I want to do with my life. The people I want to work with. I won't miss it very much, though -- They wanted me to wear pants every DAY. -- Erik Hallberg
It was a great shot, if it had gone in the net it would have been a goal.
It was a joke, people! A fucking JOKE! Even angst-peddlers like us need to have a little fun sometimes! Geez! (Vampire: The Masquerade FAQ)
It was a perfectly nice room, a good sound system and a nice audience, but when you add 10 drunk buttheads, it just becomes a totally different experience. -- Dar Williams (From an article in the Albany "Times Union", 9/18/97, commenting on what it was like for a singer-songwriter to play at a rock club in New York)
It was a strange Position to see yellow. -- David Hume
It was a typical net.exercise -- a screaming mob pounding on a greasy spot on the pavement, where used to lie the carcass of a dead horse. -- Mike Van Pelt
It was a typical net.exercise: a screaming mob pounding on a greasy spot on the pavement, where used to lie the carcass of a dead horse.
It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot.
It was a woman who drove me to drink, and I never had the courtesy to thank her for it. -- W.C. Fields
It was as bad as being up a creek in a barbed wire canoe.
It was as if God created language so these people could use it to curse Him.
It was done by guys who were not afraid of long formulas, Gauss and Laplace. -- Joel Franklin
It was faaaaabuloooous! -- MST3K
It was here that the emperor liked to put on his grand alfresco spectacles.
It was hot and sweltering; there were mosqitoes, unfriendly natives, and we could tell we weren't welcome. We had access to too much tequila, too much money, and too much vacation time. The horror, the horror... -- Greg Bolcer
It was kind of boring for me to have to eat. I would know that I had to, and I would. -- Kate Moss
It was like being black twice. -- B.B. King (describing how poorly thought of bluesmen were when he started out professionally in the late '40s)
It was misspelled! There's an 'R', there's an 'R'... it's celibrate, not celibate!
It was more like pounding my bloodied head against the corner of a dirty, old red brick mantel of a fireplace while having an aneurysm, an ulcer, a stroke, and a brain hemorrhage - all at once. I tell ya, I have the scars to prove it. -- Joe Kiniry
It was my understanding that there would be no math...
It was neither the chicken, nor the egg. The rooster came first.
It was not a fine river at all, but it was the only one we had and so we boasted about it---how dangerous it was in a wet winter and how dry in a dry summer. You can boast about anything if it's all you have. Maybe the less you have, the more you are required to boast. -- John Steinbeck (East of Eden)
It was not so long ago that people thought semiconductors were part-time orchestra leaders and microchips were very, very small snack foods. -- Geraldine Ferraro
It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that caused the trouble in the garden.
It was on one of my journeys between the EDSAC room and the punching equipment that `hesitating at the angles of stairs' the realization came over me with full force that a good part of the remainder of my life was going to be spent in finding errors in my own programs. -- Maurice Wilkes (programmer for the first stored-program computer, the EDSAC (first operational in 1949), from Computer: A History of the Information Machine)
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life. -- P.D. James
It was only after their population of fifty mysteriously shrank to eight, that the other seven dwarfs began to suspect Hungry. -- Mike Jittlov
It was pretty surprising for mom to be working in the yard and to have a duck fly into her butt. -- Megan Coughlin on the perils of duck ownership
It was reported that England was suffering from a plague of aunts.
It was reported that Martina Navratalova is dead. She was found face down in Rikki Lake!
It was so cold, lawyers actually had their hands in their own pockets.
It was such a lovely day I thought it a pity to get up. -- William Somerset Maugham
It was supposed to sound spontaneous, but I had been composing it on and off for days. -- John Fowles (The Magus)
It was the Tum-Tum tree by which he rested in uffish thought! -- Megan Coughlin
It was too much work not to have a war. -- Blackadder IV
It was unintelligible at any speed we played it. -- US Govt report investigating bad words in "Louie Louie"
It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark. -- Howard Ruff
It wasn't until I had performed my first autopsy that I realized that even the drabest human exteriors could contain the most beautiful viscera. After that, I would console myself for the plainness of my fellow bus-riders by dissecting them in my imagination. -- J.B.S. Haldane
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is the difference
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream... the Dragon is on the wing in the Sky... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
It will make the bus in Speed look like Herbie the Love Bug. -- KROQ
It will take the best in each of us to make the best world for all of us.
It won't be such a good week to gossip with housewives on Prozac or schmooze with losers.
It won't work.
It worked once; it's got to work every time. -- Josh Pritikin
It works better if you plug it in.
It works better when you turn the brightness up.
It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years. -- John Von Neumann (1949)
It would be an inconvenient rule if nothing could be done until everything can be done. -- Winston Churchill
It would be considered perfectly good manners to take a leak out the window. -- David Letterman
It would be damn hard to burn the library of Alexandria if it had mirror sites. -- Jack Collins
It would be hysterical if there was a Chandler thermos, but I don't want to have 'Friends' dolls, because I know what people do to those dolls. -- Matthew Perry
It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat. -- Robert Fuoss
It would be terrible if the Red Cross Bloodmobile got into an accident. No, wait. That would be good because if anyone needed it, the blood would be right there.
It would certainly explain the length of time he seems to be spending on things that shouldn't be that time consuming. It all looks much better if he's been directing films in his spare time. -- John Dobbin on whether the two Adam Rifkins are really the same
It would not be better if things happened to men just as they wish. -- Heraclitus
It'll be just like Beggars Canyon back home
It'll be just like Beggars Canyon back home.
It's 106 ms to Chicago, we've got a full disk of GIFs, half a meg of hypertext, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses. Click it. -- Christopher Davis
It's 10PM, do you know where your spacecraft is? We do! -- Ron Baalke (Jet Propulsion Lab)
It's 1995: Do you know where your Quantum Physicist is?
It's 5:50 a.m., Do you know where your stack pointer is?
It's 5PM and I'm all out of pithy things to say.
It's 'Thorns'? I thought it was called 'all fat chicks on the dancefloor'. -- Andrew Williams
It's a beautiful day for a night game. -- Frank Frisch (sportscaster)
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's... disposable man!
It's a Catch 22. In fact, it's a Catch 33. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
It's a choice that's been offered to many men: Be a slave in Heaven or a star in Hell; and Hell does not always look like Hell - on a good day it can look a lot like L.A. -- Dr. Eugene Sands (Playing God)
It's a cult of personality, and I'm his high priestess.
It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word. -- Andrew Jackson
It's a day for reflecting upon the fact that you don't have kittens, yarn baskets, or a fireplace, and realizing that one of the the three would be useless to you anyway. It's a day for holing up in your apartment with the collected works of Jean-Paul Sartre. It's a day for thinking that the Emperor didn't know jack shit about spite or malice. It's a day of wishing for a sackful of hand grenades. -- Dan Martinez
It's a day so hot you wanna peel outa yer skin and loll about in yer bones.
It's a dog with a hat. A dog with a hat!!! They must have shared the same crack pipe. -- Richard Goodman
It's a dog-eat-dog world and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear. -- Norm (Cheers)
It's a dog-eat-dog world, and from where I sit, there just ain't enough dogs. -- Skinny Puppy
It's a done deal. You cannot be static and not think the trash won't catch up with you - nothing is beyond the reach of a wannabe. Whatever you do that sticks out will eventually be picked up by the garbage eating mainstream. Either weather the storm, keep moving and changing your style, or sit in a corner with me and whine about the way things used to be even though they never were. -- Jose Calvo
It's a fact of life... Males are born with 2 heads, but only enough blood to operate one at a time!
It's a fine line between fishing &amp; standing still
It's a fine night to have an evening.
It's a floor wax. No, it's a dessert topping. No, you're both right!
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -- William Somerset Maugham
It's a game of two halves.
It's a gneiss rock, don't take it for granite.
It's a good idea not to live your life just to please others. You don't please yourself and you end up not pleasing anyone else. But if you please yourself, maybe you'll please someone else. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for. -- Will Rogers
It's a joyless existence, being smushed. -- Larry Wall
It's a knockout tournament and anything can happen.
It's a long slow climb out of the unicellular muck from whence intelligence evolves. -- Rohit Khare
It's a long time since I've enjoyed myself so much.
It's a monkey with a Ross on its ass. -- Friends
It's a nitwit idea. Nitwit ideas are for emergencies. The rest of the time you go by the Book, which is mostly a collection of nitwit ideas that worked. -- Niven and Pournelle (The Mote in God's Eye)
It's a picture of Jesus consoling a boy who is crying in Jesus's lap. I really don't want to hear Adam's interpretation of the scene. -- John Dobbin
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's a pretty good crowd for a Saturday, and the manager gives me a smile. 'Cause he knows that it's me they've been coming to see, to forget about life for a while. -- Billy Joel
It's a pretty good crowd for a stadium. -- Billy Joel
It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past into the back. -- Dan Quayle
It's a race between wisdom and brain cells. I know I'm wise but I can't remember. -- Howard Rheingold
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours. -- Harry S Truman
It's a rite of passage few women would want to repeat. It's about sleeping with the wrong men, wearing the wrong clothes, having the wrong roommate, saying the wrong thing, being ignored, getting fired, not being taken seriously, and generally being treated like shit. But it's necessary. -- Candace Bushnell
It's a sad day for American capitalism when a man can't fly a midget on a kite over Central Park. -- Jim Moran (Time 12/7/98)
It's a sad day when imitation bacon bits taste better than the real thing.
It's a small class; you might as well learn something. -- Manfred Warmuth
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
It's a strange world of language in which skating on thin ice can get you into hot water. -- Franklin P. Jones
It's a sweeping generalization, but then again, all statements are. -- Adam Rifkin
It's a tension between the idea that all men are brothers and the idea that every individual or group should be free to do its own thing. You see it in racial problems, in national and ideological conflicts. Conceivably, if you give people the choice of being brothers or going out into space, that could provide the impetus for colonization. It's very striking how often in the past a journey that looked like exile from one point of view has turned out to be an opportunity from another. -- Freeman Dyson
It's a terrific, totally safe way to meet new people. Complete privacy is guaranteed. Your identity, and the identity of the person you have chosen, remains confidential until both persons agree to meet, a thorough background check and credit profile have been performed, and a neutral meeting place has been arbitrated. Should the date go badly, or result in injury or death, you need not ever see that person again. -- James Hightower
It's a thing named It in a bottomless pit; you can't see it there. -- They Might Be Giants
It's a trick...get an axe. -- Ash (Army of Darkness)
It's a UNIX system! I know this!!! -- Jurassic Park
It's a well known faqt that all rec.puzzles bears are white. -- Stein Kulseth
It's a wide-screen world around me. -- Heather Nova
It's a woman's prerogative to change her mind. For men it's called lying.
It's about 90% strength and 40% technique. -- Johnny Walker (world middleweight wrist-wrestling champion, on what it takes to be a champ)
It's against my programming to impersonate a deity. -- C3PO
it's against my religion to drink to escape problems. i can only drink to *cause* problems. -- Geoff Spear
It's against the law to make a chick do it with you. That's why guys have to, you know, make friends with themselves. -- Beavis and Butt-head
It's all about doing the business where it matters in the 6 yard box.
It's all about faith and a deeper devotion. It's all about soul. -- Billy Joel
It's all about getting off the planet. -- Drew Olbrich
It's all about trust. -- Daria
It's all Adam's fault, though, I'm sure. My mantra for life. -- John Dobbin
It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye socket. Then it's a SPORT.
It's all in the mind, so you might as well be happy.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's all over between the two of us. I can't love a man with three hands. -- The Dark Backward
It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back. -- Mick Jagger
It's all right; I have to sign his thesis. -- Darrell Long
It's alright - he's from Barcelona. (Fawlty Towers)
It's also well established that computer users are better lovers. I know because I heard an actual anecdote from someone who knew a woman who married a computer user and they reportedly had sex many times. -- Scott Adams
It's always been us taking an intellectual pride in putting out a good product - and making money... that sums up most of the Microsoft people I know. -- Douglas Coupland (Microserfs)
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
It's always darkest just before the lights go out. -- Alex Clark
It's always easy to tell your station in life. Sooner or later, someone tells you where to get off.
It's always fun to make 3k post-tax while sitting on your ass. That's the best part of the stock market: having a profitable butt. -- Aleecia McDonald
It's always heartwarming to see a prejudice defeated by a deeper prejudice. -- Lone Star
It's always sunny there this time of the year. (Famous last words)
It's always useful to know where a friend-and-relation IS, whether you want him or whether you don't. -- AA Milne (Rabbit)
It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
It's amazing how when I'm out of sorts everyone around me turns into an idiot.
It's amazing how you can speak right to my heart. Without saying a word you can light up the dark. Try as I may I could never explain what I hear when you don't say a thing. The smile on your face lets me know that you need me. There's a truth in your eyes, saying you'll never leave me. The touch of your hand says you'll catch me if ever I fall. -- Alison Kraus
It's amazing that we have a little machine on Mars that is bumping into rocks and taking color pictures, and the FAA is still trying to pretend that color monitors are some kind of giant technical leap. -- Dick Swauger (national technical coordinator for the air traffic controllers union)
It's amazing the number of people failing their hack saving throws on this topic. -- John Myers
It's amazing the things you can do with duct tape. Sometimes I use it instead of underwear. -- Dilbert
It's amazing. You look like a normal person, but actually, you're the Angel of Death. -- When Harry Met Sally
It's an ALIEN! Yes, an ALIEN. A big hulking alien. My groggy but functioning automatic response program IS operational. It says, "What the hell are you talking about?" Make note for future: this is probably not the best way to handle a first contact. -- Robert Rodgers
It's an alternative way of thinking, but aren't we in generation X more suited to think about alternative lifestyles (and deathsytles)? -- Adam Rifkin
It's an awfully long 90 minute movie. -- John Dobbin
It's an electro-industrial band - they're playing at Heaven tonight. $5. That's $29.95 too much. -- Mike Wallace
It's an ill wind that doesn't blow somebody. -- David Farber
It's an ill wind that gathers no moss.
It's around this point that I start thinking about parables involving an infinite number of monkeys and Steve Jobs. -- Faisal Jawdat
It's as bad as you think and they are out to get you. -- Bumper sticker
It's attitudes like that that make me a perfect fingernail former, isn't it? -- John Dobbin
It's back-breaking, bone-shaking, belly-aching, hard-working, two more hours to go. It's keepin' me alive doin' nine to five but I ain't got nothin' to show.
It's bad luck to be superstitious. -- Andrew W. Mathis
It's become very vogue to say [Seinfeld is a hit show revolving around four very venal, dishonest, selfish, even hateful people], but that's only on one level. There's a great warmth beneath the surface of these characters. Just the fact that we forgive each other shows you that. -- Jerry Seinfeld (in Entertainment Weekly)
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
It's been a horrible year for Disney. I'm all for gentlemanly fair play. I enjoy a nice sporting match. But it's time to kick Disney when it's down. Why? Because when it comes back up, it will be buying the Social Security system and using new revenues to pipe the lyrics to "Be Our Guest" subliminally from low Earth-orbiting satellites. I'll turn into a lobotomized Angela Lansbury in her younger years, and animatronic bluegrass-loving bears will run the DMV. -- Tish Williams (Upside)
It's been a rough day. I got up this morning, put on a shirt and a button fell off. I picked up my briefcase and the handle came off. I'm afraid to go to the bathroom. -- Rodney Dangerfield
It's been lovely, but I have to scream now.
It's been nice meeting you...and even nicer seeing you leave.
It's been real, and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
It's been reported that John Bobbitt's porno movie grossed over 10 million. I'm not sure whether that's dollars or people. -- Conan O'Brien
It's been so long since I got some... I've got penis alzheimer's. -- Kevin Patrick
It's been tough, but I've come to accept that most people I date just won't be as smart as I am.
It's better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
It's better not to see than to see wrongly. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
It's better than tv-dinner style philosophy with a side order of angst. -- Chris Heiser
It's better to be a live rat than a dead duck. -- John Dobbin
It's better to be an optimist and a fool than a pessimist and right. -- IQ
It's better to be controversial for the right reasons, than to be popular for the wrong reasons. -- Shimon Peres (Former Prime Minister of Israel, Speech, University of Utah, 10/29/97)
It's better to be dead and cool, than alive and uncool.
It's better to be quotable than honest. -- Tom Stoppard
It's better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee.
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all. -- Marty Winch
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's better to get mugged than to live a life of fear. -- Freeman Dyson
It's better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it.
It's better to have loved and lost, than to ride the bus home.
It's bigger than the feeling that I've got in my rump; he's got as many brains as a gasoline pump. -- Rugburns
It's billed as the first movie about murder on the Internet. how can you resist this Web promo? Very easily. -- Net Guide
It's brilliant stuff. Incredibly marshmellowy, and the little fudgy fish are great, too. -- Megan Coughlin
It's buried under a pile of paper, which is more secure than Kerberos anyway. -- Sam Kass
It's called DisInformation for God's sake! The clue phone is ringing, pick it the fuck up! -- Richard Metzger
it's called life. deal. -- Deanna Rubin
It's certainly not over yet with five minutes left in the first half.
It's claimed that NT 5.0 will fix this, but then, at this point I wouldn't be surprised if the marketing literature stated that it'll cure prostate cancer. -- Dan Martinez
It's clear the future holds great opportunities. It also holds pitfalls. The trick will be to avoid the pitfalls, seize the opportunities, and get back home by 6 o'clock. -- Woody Allen
It's clever, but is it art?
It's Coke, version II: bug fixes, more features, easier installation. The highs are smoother. -- James Cook
It's cold out here. And there are wolves after me. -- The Simpsons
It's comin' apart, Lad -- Scotty
It's compiling! I have so many Mickey Mouse Hands pointing at my crotch that I can barely see the screen!! -- Jay Sanchez-Buch
It's cool - when your company pays for a free compuserve account, it still sucks. -- Andrew Stellman
It's cozy, if you're Hannibal Lector. -- Ace Ventura
It's criminal, a body like that wasted on a twelve year old... -- John Dobbin
It's Day 111 of the Raw Deal. -- Rush Limbaugh (5/10/93)
It's deja vu all over again.
It's deja-derierre. The feeling that you've seen this ass before. -- Tony Halasohoris
It's easier not to be wise and measure these things by your brains. -- Live
It's easier said than done. ... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than said, and you'll see that it's easier said that `it's easier done than said' than it is done, which really proves that it's easier said than done.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than for being right. Let's break this rule; forgive me.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
It's easier to get older than it is to get wiser.
It's easier to sink than to salvage. -- John Dobbin
It's easy to apply yourself, just use crazy glue!
It's easy to be brave from a safe distance.
It's easy to find someone who wants to go to bed. But it's real hard to find somebody who'll let you say, "Look, I got a cardboard box and a carpeted floor. Here's my plan. You get in the box and hold this flashlight and I'll push you around like you're in a car." -- Chris Isaak (Mademoiselle)
It's easy to make decisions if you ignore the facts.
It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money. -- Jack Handey
It's easy to spot the work of a sloppy handyman: you'll see paint over cracks, patch over patch, everything held together by chewing gum and duct tape. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
It's either sadness or euphoria. -- Billy Joel
It's Ensign Pillsbury He's BREAD, Jim
It's especially gratifying with pizza delivery men. -- John Dobbin
It's estimated that the Keating scandal cost the government $20,000,000,000! Can you really grasp how large that number is? Let me put it this way: if one guy had to pay that off, he would have to fork over $20,000,000,000! -- Dennis Miller
It's Fabulous! We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour! -- Macy's
it's finals time here [...] and consequently i have heard the phrase "academically ass-fisted" more times in the past 24 hours than you could possibly imagine. i'm presently taking a break from reading feminist theory, which is sucking my chi right out of my body. if i have to read the word "problematic" one more time, so help me, shit's going down. this chick is rambling on and on about all these types of feminism: standpoint theory, marxist feminism, socialist feminism, liberal feminism, radical feminism, feminist empiricism, and everybody's favorite, postmodernism. i propose a new kind of feminism: machete feminism. here's how it works: all cute girls sleep with me. all assholes are eliminated via machete. i become the ruler of the world, spreading joy, love, peace, and sex toys across the land. violence, poverty, hunger, and fake orgasms are eradicated. all weapons of mass destruction are locked in a small spacecraft with ken starr and sent somewhere very far away. "kicking and screaming" is shown on tv every night, and there is a 24-hour x-files channel. i get wavy gravy ice cream and footrubs whenever i want, and i never have to read another word of this self-serving pseudo-intellectual masturbatory drivel for as long as i live. rise up [...] and fight the power.
It's for the "let Calvin live through recess fund." -- Moe
It's FUN to have fun, but you have to know how to have fun. -- T. Geisel
It's funny. You come some place new and everything looks the same.
It's getting better all the time.
It's gonna be hot and wet, which is nice if you're with a lady, but it ain't no good if you're in the jungle. -- Robin Williams
It's good to eat. It's good to laugh. But try to both at the same time and you'll pay through the nose.
It's got stats. We can kill it.
It's great to be back here again.
It's great to be young and insane.
It's hard for pandas to breed, because the male eats - shoots - and leaves.
It's hard to bargle nawdle zouss with all these marbles in my mouth. -- Weird Al Yankovic
It's hard to be a functioning member of a band when you're in chains. -- Megan Coughlin
It's hard to be humble when you're as great as I am.
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
It's hard to be serious when you're naked.
it's hard to be shocked by zephyr... so i installed a parallel port tazer -- Joshua Schachter
It's hard to believe that out of a hundred million sperm, you were the fastest.
It's hard to face tomorrow, but it's easier than facing no tomorrow.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
It's hard to respond to e-mail while eating a popsicle! -- Megan Coughlin
It's hard to soar like an eagle when you're surrounded by turkeys.
It's hard to soar with eagles when you work with turkeys.
It's hard to soar with eagles when you're a turkey.
It's hard to understand me from the language I use. There's no word in English for my style. -- They Might Be Giants
It's here that the "Babe" effect takes hold. You can bet your left arm that one way or another the filmmakers are going to convey the message that animals are really just people trapped in furry bodies. -- Mr. Cranky
It's hot and it hurts and stuff. -- Bactine commercial
It's immature and silly, but then again -- so is high school. -- Ferris Bueller (Ferris Bueller's Day Off)
It's important to remember that just because there are crooks, zealots and morons supporting a position, it does not automatically follow that the position is wrong. -- Jan D. Wolter
It's impossible to dry one hand. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
It's impossible to get a definition of NEXTSTEP: is it the window system? Objective-C? The environment? Mach? What? -- Simson Garfinkel
it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
It's impressive watching a man feed off of his own emotions. -- Seven
It's in our pants. -- Robert Harley
It's incidents like these which serve to reinforce my conviction that if Khruschev and Kennedy had had e-mail during the Cuban Missile Crisis, we wouldn't be sitting here speculating about it. -- Dan Martinez
It's incredible how much could be resolved by more prayer in schools! -- Megan Coughlin
It's interesting at first, but he likes to go on and on until you get so bored that it's unbearable, and then some. -- Eve Andersson
It's interesting that, once you get your second wind, you discover that the brain doesn't need sleep at all. Sleep is a myth and a product of cultural influences. The brain just needs Mountain Dew. Now, the eyelids, that's another issue. For that I think you'd need to go intravenous. -- Robert Rodgers
It's intuitively obvious to the most casual observer. -- A. Mattuck
it's irrelevant, because women exist only to make my life hell, preferably after lots of sex. -- Geoff Spear
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is. If you don't, it's its. Then too, it's hers. It isn't her's. It isn't our's either. It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs. (Oxford University Press, Edpress News)
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is. If you don't, it's its. -- Edpress News
It's just a comedy premise, ma'am. Calm down. I'll try to talk you off the ledge.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, (and) waves pound the sand. I beat people up. -- Mohammed Ali
It's just a naive little domestic Burgundy, but I think you'll admire its presumption.
It's just a tool that will translate local gui i/o into something that can be patched into a protocol that will be displayed by a netscrape plug-in. nothing facinating here... -- Joe Kiniry
It's just an act to get you off your guard. I'll be down your pants b4 you can say "spank your own damn monkey!" -- Jose Calvo
It's just like working in a fish-market. Except you don't have to clean and gut fish all day. -- UHF
It's just so strange to me that anyone would ever think that a work of art shouldn't be disturbing, or shouldn't be invasive. I mean, that's the property of a work of art, that's the arena of a work of art - it's to disturb, it's to make you think, it's to make you feel. If my work didn't disturb people from time to time, it would be a failure in my eyes - it's meant to disturb, in a positive way. -- Richard Avedon
It's just too bad real life doesn't work like this. I rob a bank, then I get caught, then I say I needed the money to expand my business, then I offer to pay back the bank 10% of the stolen loot, and I get to design the banks web sites for the next ten years. -- Tim Byars
It's just weird, I never thought I'd ever be carnally connected with a majority of KGB. -- Andrew Stellman on the Web of Shame
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. -- Walt Disney
It's kind of in her hands because, well, basically, I want to sleep with her. -- Lex Gibson
It's large as life and twice as natural. -- Lewis Carroll (Alice in Wonderland)
It's later than you think.
It's life Jim, but not as we know it.
It's like a giant hemorrhoid waiting to be Preparation H'ed.
It's like a new pair of underwear, you know... At first it's constrictive, but after a while it becomes a part of you. -- Wayne's World
It's like an information superhighway, only without the information. -- David Letterman
It's like Campbell's cup-o-cino. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
It's like Deja Vu all over again. -- Yogi Berra
It's like documenting the construction of the grand canyon! -- Ash Gokhale
It's like eating caviar with Spam. It may taste great, but who would think of it in the first place? -- Jim Mullen
It's like going from animals to vegetables.
It's like having a drive-in movie in your own living room. -- Weird Al Yankovic
It's like I keep you from myself, like I keep you from everyone else. Everyone needs their mystery, something hidden, something free. -- Judybats
It's like I told you: Only the lonely can play. -- the Motels
It's like life. As soon as you figure it out, you die. And yet, even if you don't figure it out, you die. -- Adam Rifkin
It's like looking into the face of death, only it's Gilligan. -- Andrew Plotkin
It's like MTV but with an edge. -- Reality Bites
It's like one of those marriages where each one thinks the other has money. -- Joel Franklin
It's like raising 120 kids all going through puberty at the same time. -- Vince Indelicato
It's like riding a psychotic horse into a burning stable. -- The Birdcage
It's like talking about the weather in Minnesota. I literally have conversations about Microsoft with everybody, every day, all the time. It is omnipresent. -- Po Bronson
It's like that Dilbert cartoon where Dilbert asks some woman if she wants to go to lunch next week and she replies she's not hungry. -- John Dobbin
It's like the blonde leading the blonde.
It's like the hand of fate just came down and squashed your future.
It's like the mother ship is calling you home... -- Friends
It's like this. Even the samurai have teddy bears, and even the teddy bears get drunk.
It's like using a wheelchair for the fun of it. -- George (on Seinfeld)
It's like when you drive by a highway accident. You want to see it, but not be involved in it. -- Adam Rifkin
It's like, at the end, there's this surprise quiz: Am I proud of me? I gave my LIFE to become the person I am right now! Was it worth what I paid? -- Richard Bach
It's lonely at the top but you eat better.
It's lonely at the top, but you eat better.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
It's me and you against the world. When do we attack?
It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name.
It's more important for us to find the next Adobe than to convince Adobe that Be is their next platform -- Jean-Louis Gassee
It's more important to be a good driver than to have seven feet of sponge rubber all around your car. -- Larry Wall
It's more than a reader. It's a message base manager!
It's more than magnificent... it's mediocre. -- Sam Goldwyn
it's more than that -- it's the James Dean factor. the bottom line is that, if smoked correctly, a cigarette really, truly does make you look cooler. it gives you emphysema, but you look cool. -- Andrew Stellman
It's my quotefile, and I can quote who I want to. -- Adam Rifkin
It's my way or the highway. -- Roadhouse
It's nerve racking to die, so do it with a friend for mutual support.
It's netnews... It's not supposed to be up. -- Chris Holly
It's never too late for romance, it's only too late to get up the next morning.
It's never too late to be obnoxious. -- John Jantos
It's never too late to have a happy childhood
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
It's nice to have everybody in the same room, talking about their research. I was proud of our group. -- Mani Chandy
It's nice to just sit here in the sun, doing nothing. -- Scent of the Roses
It's nice to start journeys pleasantly, even when you know they won't stay that way. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
It's no fun/ being an illegal alien. -- Genesis
It's no mean feat getting teenagers excited about parallel computing... and you succeeded today. -- Mani Chandy
It's no use going to school if the library is not your final destination. -- Ray Bradbury
It's no use turning zaway on when zaway is better conversation than you are. -- Andrew Stellman
It's not a beauty contest, ain't no bikini on that one. A win is a win. -- Tre Johnson
It's not a good day to be the bad guy. -- The Crow
It's not a good idea to drive with your parking lights on, someone might think you are parked and run into you.
It's not a lie, it's a terminological inexactitude. -- Alexander Haig (attributed in a comic strip called "Committed", drawn by Michael Fry)
It's not a matter of making ends meet. If you have $150 million, the ends are meeting like a ************. -- Eddie Murphy
It's not a matter of mapping stars. It's the possibilities of existence. -- Q
It's not a person, damnit It's a Borg
It's not about driving down Route 66 and stopping at the Holiday Inn! It's about *adventure*! -- Richard P. Feynman
It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon. -- Tom Lehrer
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one. -- Phil White
It's not as circular as you make it. You can eat the chicken AND the egg, but they can't eat you. -- Adam Rifkin
It's not based on a true story. It's based on hundreds. -- Criss Cross
It's not bogus, it's an IBM standard. -- Esther Filderman
It's not bragging if you can back it up. -- Bud Anderson in Chuck Yeager (Press On)
It's not building a wall but making a brick. -- Slacker
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either. -- Kevin White (mayor of Boston)
It's not clear what the underlying psychological explanation is. Is it because people give up day-to-day contact and then find themselves depressed? Or are they exposed to the broader world of Internet and then wonder, 'What am I doing here in Pittsburgh?' -- Tora Bikson
It's not cowboy until he pronounces shit as sheee-it, and barbed wire as bob war. -- Anne Harwell
It's not denial, I'm just very selective about the reality I accept. -- Calvin
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept. -- Calvin
It's not denial... I'm just very selective about the reality I accept. -- Calvin (Calvin &amp; Hobbes)
It's not dying for a faith that's hard. It's living up to it. -- William Makepeace Thackeray
It's not easy having a good time; even smiling makes my face ache.
It's not easy having an overbearing parent -- Troi
It's not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day. -- Homer Simpson
It's not easy, it's not cheap, and it's not optional. -- John Dickie (Insight Technology Group, on Internet strategy)
It's not enough that the instructions were written by the Marquis de Sade, translated from the French into Swahili, ported to Japanese, thence to Aleut, and then translated by the monks into a variant of English not seen since Chaucer. No, no, my friends. It is that the author of the instructions never had to use them.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too. -- Alexander Korda
It's not GEEK - it's SOCIALLY CHALLENGED, dammit
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
It's not hard to tell we was poor, when you saw the toilet paper dryin' on the clothesline. -- George Lindsey
It's not how deep you fish that matters. It's how you wiggle your worm.
It's not in the manual
It's not just a piece of coal, it's a piece of history! Besides you also get that museum quality presentation case. That alone must be worth 25 bucks. -- John Dobbin
It's not just French. It's French who like imake. The worst of both worlds. -- Jon Ferro
It's not just pie in the sky, it's a whole floating bakery.
It's not just that amazon.com's business plan is brilliant, but that their execution is brilliant. Note the complete lack of any pages with the extension "asp" anywhere on their site. -- Vijay Gill
It's not just the hamburger, or the cheeseburger, or the special sauce. It's the three-tiered system that makes the Big Mac so delectable! -- Rohit Khare
It's not just the ups and downs that make life difficult; it's the jerks.
It's not like Windows users don't have any power. I think they are happy with Windows, and that's an incredibly depressing thought. -- Steve Jobs
It's not my damn planet, monkey-boy. -- Douglas Adams
It's not my fault that Buttle's heart condition didn't appear on Tuttle's file! -- Brazil
It's not my thing so let it go, you kiss on me. Tug on me. Rub on me. Jump on me. You bang on me. Beat on me. Hit on me. Let go on me. You let go on me. -- REM
It's not nice to fool Mother Nature.
It's not officially an empty nest until they get their stuff out of the basement.
It's not okay to call unless you have a big web site you want designed, you want to sponsor one of my pages, or you want to introduce me to a single Swiss woman. -- David Siegel
It's not only a matter of when to do things, but whether or not to do them at all. It's asking questions of why and how as well as when. It's consulting your compass as well as your clock.
It's not over until the final whistle blows.
It's not pedophilia, they're not underage. I mean... ummm...
It's not procrastination, it's my new Just-In-Time Workload Management System! -- Jim Paradis
It's not real love until you let your girlfriend use your toothbrush.
It's not realistic? Dawson, your favorite movie is E.T.! -- Dawson's Creek
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not really possible to "like" Taco Bell, because Taco Bell isn't really a choice. Sometimes you just need to eat a mystery meat burrito at two in the morning, just like sometimes you simply need to travel to Philadelphia. Life is funny that way. -- webmaster@bungie.com
It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off the ground. -- Dan Luten
It's not so much the mode as it is the median, I mean. -- Adam Rifkin
It's not that I got it and didn't think it was funny. It's more that I was asleep when you said it. -- Ian Konen
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens. -- Woody Allen
It's not that they waste money. It's that they waste ALL the money. -- Marvin Minksy on NASA
It's not that we don't get along; it's just that you were always wrong. -- Dance Hall Crashers
It's not that you and I are so clever, but that the others are such fools.
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
It's not the cough that carries you off, it the coffin they carry you off in.
It's not the details that matter. It's the person typing those details in stream of consciousness that matters. Put another way, it's not the shadow, but what's CASTING the shadow that matters. A person has to relax the mind and make it all fuzzy to see through the surface and get to the inside, where all the magic happens. -- Adam Rifkin
It's not the early 1980's anymore and people just don't understand. As a society, we cannot be worried about innocence and righteousness like those reefer smoking hippie throwbacks were back when this industry was in the fetal stages.
It's not the men in your life, it's the life in your men that counts. -- Mae West
it's not the mere _power_ to do something which will sell someone on a technology...it's the power to do something egregiously stupid on a mere whim. Lessons for the future of the Macintosh, methinks. -- Andy Ihnatko
It's not the money I want, it's the stuff.
It's not the pace of life that concerns me, it's the sudden stop at the end.
It's not the principle of the thing, it's the money.
It's not the size of the boat. It's the motion of the ocean.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. -- Mark Twain
It's not the size of the rise NOR the motion of the ocean, it's whether the ship can stay at port until all the passengers have disembarked.
It's not the size of the ship, it's the size of the waves. -- Little Richard
It's not the size of the wand, but the wizard who wields it.
It's not the tragedies that kill us, it's the messes. -- Dorothy Parker
It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips. -- Garfield
It's not the way that you say it when you do those things to me; it's more the way you really mean itw when you tell me what will be. -- Moody Blues (Question)
It's not the web; they've always been stupid. -- Bruce Sherrod
It's not the whistle that pulls the train.
It's not the work that gets me down, it's the coffee breaks.
It's not the years honey, it's the mileage. -- Indiana Jones
It's not the Zen way, but it gets the job done. -- Garrison Keiler
It's not tipping I believe in, it's OVERtipping. -- My Blue Heaven
It's not virtual reality until you can be tortured to death in it. -- Andrew Plotkin
It's not what we don't know that gets us into trouble, it's what we know that ain't so. -- Will Rogers
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how good you look playing! -- David Lee Roth
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you lay the blame.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
It's not whether you win or lose. It's whether *I* win or lose.
It's not who you know, it's whom.
It's now more important to learn boring algebra than to practice fun rock throwing. So you take your choice. If you choose happiness over survival too consistently--well, then you die happy. Or else, you thrive grumpily. It's the tragedy of the human condition. About time we changed it, in my humble opinion. -- Hans Moravec
It's now up to you. I am "papered" out for now. Do a good job!! I think there's a lot of material in it, may be too much. So, work on making the story as clean and focused as it was for the HPDC paper. Ship it off on Sunday. I don't need to see it. You do such a good job with writing! -- Mani Chandy
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is the only major language in which I is capitalized; in many other languages You is capitalized and the i is lower case. -- Sydney J. Harris
It's okay to be ugly... but aren't you overdoing it?
It's okay to laugh during sex, just so long as you don't point.
It's okay to sell your soul if you'll be making enough money to buy it back. -- John Dobbin
It's on the other side. -- Preudhomme (Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning)
It's on the tip of my brain. -- Thanh Boyer
It's one thing to be right, it's another to be right and have people listen to you. -- Adam Rifkin
It's only a hobby ... only a hobby ... only a ...
It's only a hobby ... only a hobby ... only a
It's only funny until someone loses an arm or leg. Then it's hilarious.
It's only occurring to me now as I write this down, but it seems that cynicism and contempt may have actually helped me out of the worst acid trip I've ever had. Punk rock works! -- Bob Lee
It's only ones and zeros.
It's only premarital sex if you're going to get married.
It's only words... unless they're true. -- David Mamet
It's our job. We're the wicked witch. We promise gingerbread, but we eat the little bastards alive. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
It's over when the fat lady sits on your face.
It's over. You're done. You're finished. You can stick a fork in it. You're but a miserable bug, crushed on the windshield of Klackon imperialism. -- Sean Simmons
It's potato, not potatoe. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
It's pretty easy to tell when you have a fake pair of Nikes on your hands: they say "Made in America" on the bottom.
It's proper to be proper.
It's quite interesting, you know, the number of biscuits that are named after revolutionaries. You've got your Garibaldi, of course, you've got your Bourbons, then of course you've got your Peek Freens Trotsky Assortment. -- Alexei Sayle
It's rad, dude. I drink coffee, go to shows, wear flannel, and worship Eddie Vedder. Oh, and I work for Microsoft. Or possibly at Espresso Roma. -- Megan Coughlin on living in Seattle
It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is...dead, Jim.
It's really a miracle of evolution. All this machine does is swim and eat and make little sharks and that's all. -- Jaws
It's really amazing to me how much crap people write. -- Dan Applequist
It's really good having an effulgent personality.
It's really not that hard to outlive a list when the list is way too narrow and of interest to almost no one... -- John Dobbin
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys. Seems that there are not only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached. The only difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental results to humans.
It's retro. In a bad way. -- Carl Steadman
it's RFC 3133t -- A Standard for the Transmission of IP Datagrams on Vaporware. -- Eric Kozowski
It's running like a scalded dog
It's Showtime! -- Beetlejuice
It's silly to go on pretending that under the skin we are all brothers. The truth is more likely that under the skin we are all cannibals, assassins, traitors, liars, hypocrites, poltroons. -- Henry Miller
It's six o'clock and time for the penguin on top of your terminal to explode.
It's smart to pick your friends - but not to pieces.
It's smart to pick your friends - but not your nose.
It's so big, I've never seen it erect because all the blood rushes from my head and I pass out.
It's so cute when other people think things revolve around them. -- John Dobbin
It's so deep, I don't think that I can speak about it. -- Kate Bush
It's so embarrassing when I'm always right.
It's so hot I just saw a little man in orange robes burst into flames. -- Robin Williams
It's so much more friendly with two. -- AA Milne (Piglet)
It's so refreshing to be around people from Europe. They still drink, smoke, and enjoy themselves. -- Jessica Lange
It's sooo good to get funding directly for what we are doing. -- Mani Chandy
It's sort of like a Davy Crockett hat. For Ravers. -- Richard Bullington
It's springtime, when a young man's fancy turns to thoughts of love, while his remote turns to the NCAA tournament.
It's still YES! And it's still quotesfiled. -- Bruce Sherrod
It's supposed to be hard; if it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard is what makes it great. -- Tom Hanks (A League of Their Own)
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
It's Tekonojikly better!
It's ten o'clock, do you know where your processes are?
It's that goddamn salinger book that did it. Every time. And the fact that parents let me read too much as a child. It just ruined me. -- Michelle Hall
It's that moment of dawning comprehension I live for. -- Calvin
It's the blaze across my nightgown. Before you ask, no. -- John Dobbin
It's the bound grief I had for dinner!
It's the end of the FoRK as we know it and I feel tines. -- Wayne Baisley
It's the first book I've ever seen with BETA on the cover. -- Robert Thau
It's the garage Mahal. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
It's the goals that count.
It's the good girls who keep the diaries; the bad girls never have the time. -- Tallulah Bankhead
It's the kind of place where Flipper would go to score heroine. Even the lobsters have the crabs. -- Richard Jeni
It's the Machine's world, don't tell me I ain't got no soul. When the machines take over, it ain't no place for rock 'n roll.
It's the name. Do it to me, Sheldon. You're an animal, Sheldon. Ride me, big...Shellldonnnn. Doesn't work. -- When Harry Met Sally
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon. Which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to. -- Franklin P. Jones
It's the really good ones that break your heart. -- David Scharch
It's the story of a young kid named Puke who lives on a desert planet. After learning he's a great Jethri fighter who has unique access to the power of the universe, called The Glue, Puke runs off to save princess Layme and defeat Barf Trader and his evil empire. Although his mentor, Dopi Ol Fogi, is killed by Trader, Fogi appears as a vision and instructs his apprentice to "Use the Glue, Puke," which he does, destroying Trader's horrible, space-going vessel, the Breath Car, at the last possible second. -- Mr. Cranky
It's the suede denim secret police. They have come for your uncool niece! -- Dead Kennedys
It's the Sunday Mystery Movie! Oooeeeooo! OooEEEooo! -- MST3K
It's the suppression of the word that gives it the power, the violence, the viciousness. -- Lenny Bruce
It's the thought that counts, and I'm thinking of a Mercedes.
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
It's the thrill of tilting at windmills. -- John Dobbin
It's the Ugliness Men Mr. Horrible
It's the urinal cakes - I swear to god. Try one. -- Mike Wallace
It's the worst plan since Abraham Lincoln said let's take in a show. -- Blackadder IV
It's time for me to either stop taking crack, or double the dosage. -- Scott Berkun
It's time for them to go.
It's time to climb off the mothership and hop aboard the Alternative Bandwagon. -- MTV
It's too bad dead authors don't tend to be as prolific as dead musicians. -- John Dobbin
It's too bad ignorance isn't painful.
It's too bad they can't both lose. -- Henry Kissinger (on the Iran/Iraq War)
It's too bad we had to kill her. I really liked the outfit she had on. -- Sorority Babes in the Slimeball Bowl-O-Rama
It's too late to agree with me. I've already changed my mind.
It's too late tonight to drag the past out into the light. We're one, but we're not the same. We get to carry each other. -- U2
It's too much of a hassle to have fun. -- Sarah Cullen
It's tough to climb the ladder of success, especially if you're trying to keep your nose to the grindstone, your shoulder to the wheel, your eye on the ball, and your ear to the ground. -- The Lion
It's tragic that we have so few innovators and so many copiers.
It's very hard to be a psychedelic person and not participate in one of the central tenets of both Buddhism and Hinduism, which is the primacy of mind -- Mind Only, the dogma that all manifestation is somehow a product of the ratiocination of mind -- that's a pretty Buddhist point of view. -- Terence McKenna
It's very human of you, I won't hold it against you. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in. If you throw on an old T-shirt or sweats, it's not inspiring for your workout. -- Cheryl Tiegs
It's very important to spend lots of $$ on more computer hardware, just in case one of those creative bursts happens. You wouldn't want to be caught thinking, "I could have been the next Mozart if it wasn't for that lame sound card that I have." ... Come to think of it, I should go out and buy a soundblaster 32au right now. -- Bruce Sherrod
It's Wednesday. By tomorrow got to get two papers done, study for two tests, do my laundry. I have to get my car washed, pick up a friend for the airport, find something for her to do while I'm studying so she doesn't get bored. I need to talk to my parents. I need to incorporate drinking in there somewhere... -- Stephanie Chimenti
It's what you learn *after* you know it all that counts. -- John Wooden
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
It's wide and it's flat and it's wet at both ends, it's full of donuts, hockey, cold beer and friends. It's got a tower, some lakes and a dome. And it's hard to get a green card but we call it home. -- Red Green on Canada
It's wonderful just to be alive.
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
It's worse than that, he's dead Jim.
It's worse than that, it's physics, Jim
It's your same damn habit with books and the passenger seat. -- Rohit Khare
Italian for refrigerator: Iceabox.
Italians do it better
Its a JOKE, like the funny kind but different.
Its been proven through history that women's a mystery, says Popeye the Sailor man.
Its GOOD to be the King
Its my tagline I stole it first.
Its not a stolen tagline, it's just previously viewed
Its not the heat I mind... Its the Humanity. -- Ryan Richards
Its not what you do, its the way that you do it.
Its rabbit season. Its duck season.
Ivan Poorovitch, Russia's new premier.
J'y suis, J'y pestes. I can stay for the weekend.
Jabba the Hut has stolen the world's precious supply of Yoo-Hoo chocolaty beverage! -- Kate Cronin
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack burnt off his ------- ----. -- Andrew Dice Clay
Jack Kerouac would have tossed him from a speeding vehicle. -- Tom Gliatto
Jack Neafsey's Fifth Law of Reality: Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Jack Neafsey's First Law of Reality: There are days when no matter which way you spit, it's upwind.
Jack Neafsey's Fourth Law of Reality: Never get into fights with ugly people. They have nothing to lose.
Jack Neafsey's Know-When-to-Quit Law: The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets.
Jack Neafsey's Law of Avoiding Oversell: When putting cheese in the mousetrap, always leave room for the mouse.
Jack Neafsey's Law of Common Sense: Never accept a drink from a urologist.
Jack Neafsey's Law of Goal-Setting: Reality is a crutch for those who can't cope with fantasy.
Jack Neafsey's Law of Volunteering: If you dance with a grizzly bear, you'd better let him lead.
Jack Neafsey's Second Law of Reality: When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
Jack Neafsey's Third Law of Reality: Whatever it is that hits the fan, it will not be evenly distributed.
Jack Ryan as President manages to declare martial law in the U.S., triple the size of the CIA operations directorate, lobby for a flat tax system, order the assasination of a foreign head-of-state, state publicly that he is against abortion, and most amazing of all, get public apologies from journalists who misrepresented him. Whew. Busy guy. Clancy also unsubtly shows a terrorist taking advantage of encryption and the internet to carry out his nefarious schemes. Thank goodness the FBI can still break into houses and get telephone records without warrants! -- Greg Titus. Senior Software Wizard at Omni Development
Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human nature.
Jack-in-the-Box: Cooking the crap out of our burgers!
Jackie the man Chan looks older in person, but his smile is even more disarming. I wanted to take a swing at him just for the honor of having him kick my ass. -- Duck
Jackie was a rich punk rocker, silver spoon and a paper plate. -- The Nails
JACOB'S LAW: To err is human - to blame it on someone else is even more human.
JACQUIN'S POSTULATE: No man's life, liberty, or property are safe when legislature is in session.
Jail dudes get to watch TV all day. -- Beavis and Butt-head
Jake liked his women the way he liked his kiwi fruit: sweet yet tart, firm-fleshed yet yielding to the touch, and covered with short brown fuzzy hair.
Jamaica, n.: Question usually asked of a fraternity man when he returns from a date.
James Earl Jones before he prostituted his baritone to the highest bidder. "This... is CNN." Cha-ching.
James Joyce's Ulysses was banned in Britain for 15 years.
James Spader carries one key. Lives out of his car. Into kinky videotapes. That's a hero we like to see. -- Baked Potatoes
Janet is soon to be a mom. I haven't figured out quite how I can avoid being a dad yet...
January 1st 2000 falls on a Saturday and Monday's a holiday... you'll have lots of time to worry over the weekend.
Jars and jars and jars of Sainsbury's cockles. Then a pint of Haagen-Dazs. Then I'd throw it all up, have a bacon sandwich and start all over again. -- Elton John on cocaine use and his related eating habits
Java is a programming language whose primary purpose is in writing business plans. -- John C. Randolph
Java is my mistress, but I'm married to C++. I can't get a divorce just yet, so I spend as much time with my mistress as possible while trying to keep my wife from finding out and shooting us both.
Java is the Pascal of the 1990s. -- Robert X. Cringely
Java Navigator will have a lot of good attributes: It's slower. It will crash more and have fewer features. So you can do fewer things. It will simplify your life. -- Marc Andreesen (as quoted in BrowserWatch)
Java: Write once, debug everywhere. -- Robert Rodgers
java: write once, run away. -- Joshua Schachter
JavaScript Error: http://www.wrldpwr.com/javascriptzen.html, line 12: zen is not defined. -- Netscape error message
Jealous was I ere I saw Suolaej. -- John Dobbin
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
Jealousy is the great exaggerator. -- Friedrich von Schiller
Jean-Luc Picard and Mister Clean: Separated at birth?
Jeepers, he holds the world's fate in his hands and he can't drive a stick! -- Mike Nelson (Mystery Science Theater 3000)
Jeez... you guys spend a few hours whacking on a paper with me, and suddenly you're world-renown XML experts. Only on the web... -- Dan Connolly
Jefferson, Nixon, and Truman represented every Tom, Dick, and Harry.
Jeffery Dahmer: Cannibalistic maniac or artist working with an unpopular medium?
Jeffrey Dahmer: Because a sandwich is a sandwich, but a manwich is a meal.
Jeffrey Dahmer's suspected murderer, Christopher Scarver, is serving a life sentence for murder, authorities said. Prison officials wouldn't speculate on a motive.
Jello is antimatter.
Jello! I forgot about jello! This changes EVERYTHING! -- Norm Papernick
JENKENSON'S LAW: It works better if you plug it in.
Jenkinson's Law: It won't work.
Jenning's Corollary: The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.
Jeremy spoke in class today. -- Pearl Jam
Jerks and academia often go together. -- Randy Bryant
Jerry Maguire inspired me. Not that this will have any lasting effect, but it really did make me want to go out and change the world. In much the same way Days Of Thunder made me want to go out and drive really fast. Grosse Pointe almost inspired me to buy a gun, but it still fell way short of the other two flicks. -- John Dobbin
Jerry! YOu're sneezing in my purse! -- Seinfeld
Jesus Christ, I've had more new good ideas this week than ... must be that new dog food. -- Tom Connery
Jesus Christ, will you east coasters GET TO BED?!? -- Dan Martinez
Jesus died for my sins and all I got was this lousy T-shirt.
Jesus died for your sins. Make it worth his time.
Jesus died for your sins... Make it worth his while.
Jesus don't want me for a sunbeam. -- The Vaselines
Jesus is coming, everyone look busy.
Jesus is coming. Quick, look busy!
Jesus lives! Darwin survives.
Jesus loves you. Everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin. -- Michael O'Donohugh
Jesus may save, but does he do a backup after every 300 souls? -- Robert Harley
Jesus said, "Father forgive them, for they know not what they do." -- Luke 23:34
Jesus saves sinners... and redeems them for valuable cash prizes -- John Wichers
Jesus saves sinners... and redeems them for valuable prizes!
Jesus Saves, Moses Invests, But only Buddha pays Dividends.
Jesus saves. Moses invests.
Jesus Saves... and Gretzsky gets the rebound! He shoots! He scores!
Jesus saves... but Lindros scores on the rebound
Jesus Saves... but on my salary he couldn't!
Jesus Saves... Moses invests... Buddha pays dividends... and Cthulhu forecloses.
Jesus saves...Passes to Moses..Shoots....Scores
Jet Engine Theory: Suck, Squeeze, Bang, Blow!
Jews: "God is 1!" Atheists: "God is i!"
Jiffy Lube is a bald-faced lie! -- John Dobbin
Jigsaw puzzle for English majors: one piece
Jigsaw will run on all platforms that support Java, with no changes! This is for real, it has been tested at least on Windows 95 and Windows NT. -- FIID Jigsaw Server documentation
Jim Morrison was a vampire.
Jim Morrison. I'm drunk, I'm nobody. I'm drunk, I'm famous. I'm drunk, I'm dead. -- Denis Leary
Jim watches in amazement as Spock's ears sprout broccoli.
Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, and Kurt Cobain all died at age 27. My biggest regret is that Macaulay Culkin is still a decade away...
Jimi Hendrix's modem was a Purple Hayes.
Jimmy Hoffa--please call home.
Jimmy Powers... a tenor I wouldn't give you two fives for. -- Stone (City of Angels)
Jimmy, you know there's only 1 handle on an Uzi. -- Richard Goodman
Joan of Arc quit smoking in 1431.
Job Placement, n.: Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
Jody, you have a monster can of whoop ass or three just waiting to explode on some fool. You just need to get in touch with your inner can opener. -- Martin Frankel
Joey stole my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong? -- Friends
Joey, we ALWAYS know what you mean. -- Friends
Joey's having an anneurism right now, but I could go for a nip! -- Friends
John and Mary had never met. They were like two hummingbirds who had also never met. -- Russell Beland
John Black was whining and we were at Sujata's and she was being lame and I had already had a little too much to drink so I was like "let's have a LOT too much to drink!" -- Chris Heiser
John Bobbitt has no hard feelings.
John Dobbin: He never knew how to punctuate. -- Megan Coughlin
John F. Kennedy thought he was going to make a great speech in Dallas. Lyndon Johnson thought he'd build a Great Society. And Richard Nixon thought bugging phones would make him omnipotent. -- Mr. Cranky
John laughs like he's a mongoloid. -- Howard Stern
John runs around at night in a mini-skirt sticking people with toothpicks (it is hard work carving stakes - toothpicks are ready-made!!) -- Richard Goodman
John Wayne, John Huston, Bill Holden, Bob Mitchum, Clark Gable, Babe Ruth, Lee Marvin, Sam Peckinpah. Men who drank and fought and puked and ate raw meat right off the bone and drank some more and fought some more and puked again and kept on drinking. Men who died of massive heart attacks or sudden brain seizures or who just plain f-ing blew up. -- Denis Leary
JOHN'S COLLATERAL COROLLARY: In order to get a loan you must first prove that you don't need it.
Johnnie Cochran advised jurors last week not to rush to judgment. "Take your time," he said, "we're being paid by the hour."
Johnnie Cochran responded to allegations that he abused his first wife. "At least I didn't kill her like SOME people I know."
Johnny Chen, sex offender. I offend both sexes.
JOHNSON AND LAIRD'S LAW: Toothache tends to start on Saturday Night.
Johnson's First Law: When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the most inconvenient possible time.
Join Computing Services! Good pay! Flexible hours! No adult supervision! -- Dan Martinez
Join the Army: travel to exotic distant lands; meet exciting, unusual people and kill them.
join the club, learn the handshake, shoot yourself. -- Kristiina Wilson
Join the Group Mind - become a Borg
Join us and the boys of summer for action. Which would be fine if we were running a gay chatline. -- NewsRadio
Jolt is for Windows programmers. It's typical IBM PC: it goes in brown and comes out yellow. Mountain Dew is for Macintosh programmers: it goes in yellow and comes out yellow. It's WYSIWYP. -- Guy Kawasaki
Jon Voight, who, given his recent roles in Anaconda, U-Turn, and Most Wanted, is the acting analogy to a proctologist who's constantly sticking his fingers down his patients' throats. -- Mr. Cranky
Jonathan Sacks, my crazy editor years ago at InfoWorld, once explained to me that if the Post Office would allow him to print a magazine that was all ads and no editorial, that's exactly what he would do. It's nice to feel wanted. -- Robert X. Cringely
Jone's Law: The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
Jone's Motto: Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Jone's Principle: Needs are a function of what other people have.
JONES' LAW OF TV: The only new show worth watching will be cancelled.
Jones' Law: The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on.
Jones' Motto: Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Jones's First Law: Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the importance of their original contribution.
JONES'S MOTTO: Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Joseph Stalin as The Fiddler on the Roof... -- Friends
Joseph Stalin's grave was a Communist Plot.
Josh, where you been? We figured you were out kicking McCcauley Culkin's ass. -- Randal Schwartz
Journalism consists largely in saying "Lord Jones died" to people who never knew Lord Jones was alive. -- G.K. Chesterton (1874-1936)
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Joy can be real only if people look upon their life as a service, and have a definite object in life outside themselves and their personal happiness. -- Leo Tolstoy
Joy is not in things; it is in us. -- R. Wagner
Joystick, n.: Peripheral used by consulting adults.
Judge a man by his questions, not his answers. -- Voltaire
Judge what you have really done, and not what you think you have done. -- Isaac Stern
Judge yourself on an evolutionary scale, from lemur to man to Dogbert.
Judges these days tend to forget they are appointed, not anointed.
Jump in the hefty bag, baby, 'cause I'm takin' out the trash.
Jump right into my nightmare. The water is warm. -- Jerry Maguire
Jumping into hyperspace ain't like dusting crops, boy! -- Han Solo
June is the month of brides. The other 11 are devoted to divorces.
Junior! Quit playing with your floppy.
Junk journalism is the evidence of a society that has at least one thing right, that there should be nobody with the power to dictate where responsible journalism begins. -- Tom Stoppard
Junk: stuff we throw away. Stuff: junk we keep.
Jupiter does it with mortals.
Jupiter struck by comet, as Newark improves its status from 3rd worst place in the universe to 4th. -- Top 5
Jupiter struck by comet, as radio signals from Alpha Centauri are received that say GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL! -- Top 5
Jury, n.: A group of twelve people selected to decide which side has the best attorney.
just a chuckler memory: remember when we brought all that likker into Alain's class for the drinking game? -- Rohit Khare
Just a little faster...its not usually this soft. -- Greg Marmaland
Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac (and nobody cares about it). -- Bill Joy (6/21/85)
Just another inmate in this ASYLUM
Just another water molecule in the toilet bowl of life.
Just as everything's starting to go great, you're both asked to return to your cells. -- David Letterman
Just as I try to imagine my body as a place rather than an enclosure, the waves make me feel myself and I know I am not like the rest of them.
Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions seldom black or white. Beware of the solution that requires one side to be totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner. The reason there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all the facts. Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is not acting from political motivation. Rather, he is acting from a deep sense of respect for the whole truth. -- Stephen R. Schwambach
Just as our eyes need light in order to see, our minds need ideas in order to conceive. -- Nicolas Malebranche
Just as the strength of the Internet is chaos, so the strength of our liberty depends upon the chaos and cacophony of the unfettered speech the First Amendment protects. -- Judge Dalzell (CDA panel)
Just as they are.
Just because *you're* not a member of the conspiracy, doesn't mean the conspiracy isn't *cool*. -- Elliott Evans
Just because a bunch of morons don't use a spell checker on their page doesn't mean imagry is a word. -- Catherine Buzzell
Just because a guy's got a library card doesn't make him Yoda. -- Seven
Just because a path is well-beaten is no proof it's the right one.
Just because Damon Wayans is black and bald doesn't mean he can play ball. In "Celtic Pride" he barely looks tall enough to dunk an apple in a toilet. -- Mr. Cranky
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Just because I can give multiple orgasms to the furniture by sitting on it... -- Blackadder IV
Just because I'm amoral doesn't mean I have no values.
Just because I'm paranoid, doesn't mean that everyone isn't out to get me
Just because some of us can read and write and do a little math, that doesn't mean we deserve to conquer the Universe. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Hocus Pocus)
Just because something begins its life as "art" doesn't mean that the hawks are going to ignore it.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. -- Thomas Edison
Just because they built a spaceship, it doesn't mean they know about technology. It might have been blind luck. -- Gerard Stubbs
Just because you ARE a character doesn't mean you HAVE character. -- Pulp Fiction
Just because you can't do everything doesn't mean you shouldn't do something.
Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean the world ISN'T out to get you.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not really after you.
Just because you're paranoid it doesn't mean they aren't out to get you.
Just because you're stupid doesn't mean you can't rule the planet. -- Mom and Dad Save the World
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Just call him Adam "no-op" Rifkin. So for me no operation is like no opinion? -- the ARs
Just call me Bill. I was born on the first of the month.
Just call me Kegster.
Just cannot resist a little fun along the way. :-)
Just did poorly on my Operating Systems midterm. The last question (25% of the grade) was completely unintelligible. It was on semaphores but since I didn't understand it let me use a history analogy. The question was the computer science equivalent of 'Write a 6-8 page essay on the communist regime in China.' To which my analogous answer was 'It sucked.' -- Dave Roy
Just don't ask me stupid questions, and I won't tell you goodbye. -- Lynyrd Skynyrd
Just don't let the Voxers know that URL. And I wish I had his money. And girlfriend. And shoes. -- Tim Byars
Just don't tell the asylum you saw me here.
Just finished installing Objective-C on the SunOS boxes. 45MB of compiled source to produce a lousy 250k library Chris forgot to install. Argh! -- Rohit Khare
Just for fun, go into one of the binary groups and say, 'Is there an ftp site for this stuff? Please email.' -- Robert Rodgers
Just for grins, blow a dog whistle next to the kitchen.
Just for the **** of it. Diet Coke. -- John Dobbin
Just for today I will have a quiet half hour all by myself.
Just for today..... do not anger.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just give me what the Dr.ordered..OHHOOO Dr Pepper..
Just give me your word, Mr. President, and I'll make the island into a fucking parking lot. -- Alexander Haig on Cuba
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.
Just imagine, if you will, what kind of delicious suffering awaits you at the hands of the most powerful milkman in the universe. -- Milkman Dan (Red Meat)
Just keep rubbing your head; that'll turn back time. -- Friends
Just KILL it! Don't PLAY with it! -- MST3K
Just let it lie. -- When Harry Met Sally
Just let me enjoy this for a minute. -- Jerry Maguire
Just like margarine our name is spreading. -- Fairport Convention
Just my 78,000 lira worth.
Just my two rubber ningis worth.
Just now I remembered why we should cut the poor guy some slack: he's in the process of migrating from an Indy to an O2. And he's going to have to find some way to get his work done with only 128 MB of RAM to operate in. The rat bastard. -- Dan Martinez
Just now, in the mirror, I decided I am kind of handsome, and I can see now if I lost a little more weight yet, there might be something I could truly be vain about in there. 'course, I'll still have all these zebra-like stretch marks :-) -- Rohit Khare
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets -- The Brigader (Dr. Who)
Just remember to remove the fingernails. -- Adam Rifkin
Just remember, black pepper does NOT count as a vegetable, no matter what the nice man behind the cafeteria counter tells you.
Just remember: when in doubt, you're always right.
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Just remember: you're not a "dummy," no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who, though technically expert, couldn't design hardware and software that's usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. -- Walter Mossberg
Just say *NO* to software patents & look-and-feel lawsuits. Try competition.
Just say we're very busy. Don't keep saying, "It's a madhouse." -- Psychiatrist to nurse
Just saying 'no' prevents teenage pregnancy the way 'Have a nice day' cures chronic depression. -- Faye Wattleton
Just shakin' the bushes, boss. -- Cool Hand Luke
Just shut up and get on with the killing. -- Jon Slenk
Just shut up and give me the trinkets, booth weasel! -- Top 5
Just take five minutes out of your day and rub somebody the right way. -- Rugburns
Just tell Death you're watching MTV and to come back when it's over. -- John Dobbin
Just the fax, ma'am. -- Bruce Willis (Die Hard 2)
Just the omission of Jane Austen's books alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn't a book in it. -- Mark Twain
Just think -- IBM and DEC in the same room -- and we did it. Makes you feel warm inside. -- Ken Thompson
Just think how many more manned space operations NASA could undertake if they didn't have to worry about getting the astronauts back. -- Al Franken
Just think how much worse life could be
Just think of it, war breaks out and nobody turns up. -- Frankie Goes to Hollywood
Just think of it--Cosmic Wimpout, the game of the Information Highway. -- David Sternlight
Just throw away all that computerized shit listing all human data. No one knows anything about human beings. You have to love the people because they always lose. -- Leslie Woolf Hedley
Just to have it is enough.
Just to let you know, I have a Winston Churchill quote *and* a Vince Lombardi quote. -- Mary Meeker
just to set the record straight: the roswell aliens, adolf hitler, JFK, elvis, lee harvey oswald and a short-order cook from missoula are all living on a sumptious estate owned by howard hughes just outside of buenos aires. -- Ethan Schartman
Just what is 'nerf' (as in Nerf Ball) and where does it come from?
Just what part of "NO" didn't you understand?
Just what the world needs, more cynical world weary thirteen year olds... -- John Dobbin
Just when I make ends meet, someone moves one end.
Just when I was getting used to yesterday along came today.
Just when my ant farm was showing a profit, an ant bank foreclosed on it.
Just when we finally got good at this, we \_i_/ run out of planets. -- a Voyager scientist
Just when you are about to make ends meet, someone moves the ends.
Just when you think you've won the rat race along come faster rats.
Just wondering: If I replace Windows with Unix, have I been emasculated or defenestrated? -- David Boyce
Just zen it. -- Adam Rifkin
Justice consists in taking from no man what is his. -- Thomas Hobbes
Justice is a byproduct of winning. -- Law and Order
Justice is incidental to law and order. -- J. Edgar Hoover
Justice is truth in action. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Justice of this kind is obviously no less shocking than the crime itself, and is the new 'official' murder, far from offering redress for the offense committed against society, adds instead a second defilement to the first. -- Justice William Brennan on the death penalty
Justice, n.: A decision in your favor.
Justice: A decision in your favor.
Justified, ancient, ice cream van. You know the drill. -- John Dobbin
Justify my text? I'm sorry but it has no excuse.
Juxtaposition -- Dr Arnold Juxta (Dr Arnold Juxta's famous appendix to the Kama Sutra.)
K W Y J I B O. That's 27 points, plus a triple word score, plus 50 bonus points for using all my letters, and I'm outta here. -- Bart Simpson
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted: Experienced only need apply.
Kamikazes do it once.
Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -- Dave Barry
Karate is the only form of birth control for a Catholic. -- Phyllis Diller
Karma police arrest this man, he talks in maths, he buzzes like a fridge, he's like a detuned radio. -- Radiohead
Kashmir, Rajish, why don't you just chill? Link and I are cruisin' the mountain, bro, and we figured we could wease a little ju-uice. -- Encino Man
Katana is also a lowend Suzuki sportbike, a good buy used. Most people that buy them new find out they still can't get laid with a new sportbike and sell them with low miles. -- Mark Denovich
Kato Kaelin has quit his talk radio show to pursue movie deals. To prepare himself as an actor, he is reading Shakespeare. He's doing very well too; he's already up to the K.
Kato Kaelin is now PROOF POSITIVE that Gilligan and Mary Ann really did have a love child!
Kato Kaelin testified at the OJ trial this week. Commentators described him as subdued. For you non-Californians, that's one step below dude.
Kato, man, I do believe the time has finally come for a seventh friend. -- Matthew Perry
Katz' Law: Man and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted.
Keep a clear head and always carry a lightbulb.
Keep a stiff upper chin. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Keep America beautiful. Swallow your beer cans.
Keep an open mind, but be careful what you shovel into it.
Keep anything long enough and you can throw it away.
Keep Australia beautiful. Swallow your beer cans.
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep frisking yourself. -- David Letterman
Keep grandmothers off the streets - legalize bingo.
Keep honking, I'm reloading.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh, and the greatness which does not bow before children. -- Kahlil Gibran (Mirrors of the Soul)
Keep on cruisin', buddy. Vegetable group. Cornuts. (ding!) Meat group! -- Encino Man
Keep on keepin' on.
Keep passing the open windows. -- John Dobbin
Keep stress out of your life. Give it to others instead.
Keep the kettle boiling ... if you are going to be in hot water, it may as well be your own.
Keep the pointy end forward and the dirty side down.
Keep warm and save energy. Go to bed with a person of your choice.
Keep Williamsburg tidy. Shoot a tourist.
Keep you Eye on the Ball, Your Shoulder to the Wheel, Your Nose to the Grindstone, Your Feet on the Ground, Your Head on your Shoulders. Now ... try to get something DONE
Keep your country beautiful. Swallow your beer can.
Keep your emotional exchanges on a tranquil level.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterwards. -- Benjamin Franklin
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows. -- Helen Keller
Keep your friends close, & your enemies closer.
Keep your hands off my private participles.
Keep your hat on your head; home is a long way away. -- REM
Keep your laws off my body. -- John Dobbin
Keep your nose to the grindstone, your shoulder to the wheel, your eye on the ball, and your ear to the ground, then see how much work you get done in that position! -- The Old Philosopher
Keep your water weak, keep your cider strong, keep your hands in your pocket and you won't go wrong.
Keeping a quote file seriously improves your conversational skills. -- James Cook
Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself. -- Lucille Ball
Keeping our records off the shelves does not make the problem of our children being hung out to dry disappear.
Kellogg has introduced its new Cocoa Frosted Flakes. The new cereal contains sugar frosted flakes with the added kick of chocolate. Printed on each box are instructions on how to coax your child down from the ceiling.
Kelly's Law: An executive will always return to work from lunch early if no one takes him.
Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gage, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the dashboard. "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know what's wrong."
Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant ? lights up in the center of the dashboard. "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know what's wrong."
KENTUCKY: Tobacco is a Vegetable.
Kernal is not a word. The correct spelling is kernel.
Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College: Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex for the students, and parking for the faculty.
Kerry's insomniac rant is, as one would expect, full of intriguing glimpses into her inner life. However what I found downright captivating, what left me buzzing with admiration was that she used the proper diacritic for Jose's Tequiler&Igrave;a despite the liberal quantities of said beverage in her bloodstream. To see such technical virtuosity and anal retentiveness in perfect synergy, undulled if not sharpened by the presence of alchohol, reveals that even when she is trying hardest to get out of her brain, Kerry is, irreconcilably, irrevocably, despite all protests to the contrary, an engineer, and a fine one at that. No wonder she can't sleep. -- Martin Frankel
Kevin, your wit is tepid and lacking in spirit. You are as a small flower which, when carried upon the wind's harrowing passages, is thrown hither and thither, never reaching safe ground to spread its roots. And therefore, just as the flower, your feeble witicisms die from lack of nitrogen. -- Dan Appelquist
Key Punch - the blow that causes the knockout.
Keyboard error or no keyboard, F1 to continue
Keyboard error: keyboard not detected. Press Return to continue.
Keyboard is unattached. Press F10 to continue
Keyboard locked..Press F1 to continue
Keyboard not found, think F1 to continue.
Keyboard: Used for entering errors into a system.
Kick em when they're up, kick em when they're down. -- Don Henley
Kicked wide of the goal with such precision.
Kickin and splashin and pissin and cussin and guzzlin and laughin and blowin your load. Dancin and singin shilaylees are swingin, we're arm in arm as we're staggerin home. -- Rugburns
Kid, would you like to get off of my front porch to keep fogies like me from smashing your pathetic face in? This would work well for Jehovah's witnesses too. -- Cindy Parker
Kiddy porn IS turning into a thought crime. Every time we tack it onto a sentence as a 'the net should be free except for those vile 'philes, of course', we villify the *notion* of sex with children, not just the act. What *is* next on that list? -- Rohit Khare
Kids are dumb....but they're also smart. -- Sarah Cullen
Kids born in 1977 are old enough to vote. That should scare you more than any movie you'll see this year. -- Jim Mullen
Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seat cause kids.
Kids these days. With their televisions and their Nikes and their crack cocaine. When I was a kid, we got high by beating each other over the head with the legs of the deer we killed... and we liked it that way. -- Megan Coughlin
Kids, if you look at Elvis before and after, you will see what drugs will do to you.
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening. -- Homer Simpson
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try. -- Homer Simpson
Kids-They're not sleeping, they're recharging
Kids. Football. Men. CRAMPS. (1/9/94 Riverview Hospital staff)
Kids... fire up those crack pipes again! -- Douglas Coupland
Kierkegaard's Observation: Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward.
Kill every human on the planet? Sounds like a good idea! But first, we should concentrate on more immediate goals. -- Jeffrey Goines (12 Monkeys)
Kill the wabbit Kill the wabbit
Kill them all! Let God sort them out.
Kill'em All ... Let God Sort Them Out.
Killer velcro (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Kilroy occupied these coordinates.
Kilroy wouldn't dare come in here.
Kimberly Bergalis. Father of the Bride. People saying, "His [Rock Hudson, Easy E, Magic Johnson] infection really opened some eyes. People started thinking, 'hey, I could get it too'" as if it's some surprise that any of these folks *could* get infected. -- things that left Megan Coughlin quite bitter
Kin: An affliction of the blood
Kin: An affliction of the blood.
Kinda like eating air would be... no nutritional value, but great for fits of flatulence!
Kindness can pluck the hairs out of a lion's mustache.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. -- Lao-tzu
King Jeremy the Wicked ruled his world. Jeremy spoke in class today. -- Pearl Jam
King of Prussia is a town in Pennsylvania.
Kings do it in the throne room.
Kings do it with the official seal.
Kinkler's First Law: Responsibility always exceeds authority.
Kinkler's Second Law: All the easy problems have been solved.
Kirchoff's law is about current events. -- Bob West
Kirk to Enterprise. Beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.
Kiss a clinician today!
Kiss me twice. I'm schizophrenic.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o'Sunday.
Kiss my crippled ass. God is listening? -- Forrest Gump
Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
Kissing, n.: An upward agression of a downward invasion.
Kite fliers keep it up longer.
Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it. -- Winston Churchill
Kitman's Law: Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
Kitten: small homicidal muffin on legs; affects human sensibilities to the point of endowing the most wanton and ruthless acts of destruction with near-mythical overtones of cuteness. Not recommended for beginners. Get at least two.
Kittie heaven is mousie hell.
Kiwis rule the waves, and Dennis Connor waives the rules.
Kix are for trids.
Klaatu Barada Nikto. -- The Day the Earth Stood Still
Klas was hovering the table going Adam? Adam?... I'd say you were a hit. -- Rustan Leino
Klein bottle for rent -- inquire within.
Kleptomaniac, n.: A rich thief. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
KleptoPyroHomoNecroNymphoBestiality, n.: Anal sex with a stolen flaming road-kill
Klingon Thanksgiving Grace: Let us prey...
KLIPSTEIN'S ENGINEERING LAW: Dimensions will always be in the wrong units, such as furlongs per fortnight.
KLUGE (kloodj) alt. KLUDGE [from the German kluge, clever] n. 1. A clever programming trick used as a stopgap measure, and noted for being more efficient than clear. KNOX'S PRINCIPLE: An acquired player fades, a traded player rises to stardom.
Knee-Jerk Irony, n.: The tendency to make flippant ironic comments as a reflexive matter of course in everyday conversation. -- Douglas Coupland
Kneel, and prepare to receive me. -- KROQ
Know a good chiropractor? My computer has a slipped disk.
Know God... No peace. No God... Know peace.
Know the score. -- William S. Burroughs
Know thyself -- but don't tell anyone!
Know thyself. If you need help, call the C.I.A.
Know thyself? If I knew myself, I'd run away. -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Know what I hate most? Rhetorical questions. -- Henry N. Camp
Know when to quit.
Know you know, and knowing is half the battle. The other half is mostly treachery and groin kicks. -- Dayv
Know your user.
Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful. -- Ann Landers
Knowing Murphy's Law won't help either.
Knowing the length of your gym schedule, that means you will be in the gym for most of the afternoon. -- John Thornley to Adam Rifkin
Knowing when to optimize is as important as knowing how. -- Tom Neff
Knowing you is like being in the jungle. You never know what you're going to see next, and you're afraid to find out. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to practical use.
Knowledge engineers do it with expertise.
Knowledge is good.
Knowledge is knowing what isn't commonly known. -- Dan Miskell
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. -- Samuel Johnson (letter to Lord Chesterfield, 1755)
Knowledge is power. Trivia is annoying.
Knowledge is power. -- Francis Bacon
Knowledge is the process of piling up facts, wisdom lies in their simplification. --Martin H. Fisher
Knowledge itself is power. -- Francis Bacon
Knowledge of history is the precondition of political intelligence. Without history, a society shares no common memory of where it has been [or] what it core values are. -- Time magazine
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Koans are supposed to be triggers which, though they do not contain enough information in themselves to impart enlightenment, may possibly be sufficient to unlock the mechanisms inside one's mind that lead to enlightenment. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Kobuk eat bunny. Need more roughage. Me eat cat tree. Kobuk happy. Me so cute! -- Megan Coughlin
Kobuk not scary. Me just a happy beaver. Gnaw wood to build my den. Me help. Me cut firewood with teeth. Me so cute! Kobuk happy to see you. Me show you. Me give you love bites. Duh-h. Me lay down now. -- Megan Coughlin
KOHN'S COROLLARY: Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Korszonom szepan, vogyok sertesborda!!! Thank you very much, I am a pork chop!!! -- John Karro
KORTAL WOMBAT! -- Joshua Schachter
Kovac's Conundrum: When you dial a wrong number, you never get a busy signal.
Koyaaaaanisqatsiiiiiiii!! -- MST3K
KPLA, Klingon radio: All glory, all the time
Kramer goes to a fantasy camp. His whole life is a fantasy camp. People should plunk down two-thousand dollars to live like him for a week. Do nothing, fall ass-backwards into money, mooch food off your neighbors, and have sex without dating. *That's* a fantasy camp! -- Seinfeld
Kramer's cooking up some corduroy. -- Seinfeld
Kristy Swanson is like the energizer bunny of movie plugs. -- Richard Goodman
Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr): The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Krogt, sniglet (chemical symbol: Kr): The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
KRQR, home of the million dollar guarantee. You give us a million dollars, we'll play any song you want. Guaranteed.
Kurt Cobain and Nirvana... if you never saw 'em, you never will. -- Kurt Loder
Kurt Cobain couldn't handle fame, but at least he didn't score an own goal against Columbia.
Kurt Cobain was a genius. A species too.
Kurt Cobain, the voice of our youth, considered a bullet the pathway to truth. -- Michael Swaine
Kurt Nobrain is in a coma!?!? Man, this is gonna make sales FLY! -- Howard Stern
L.A. El Lay. La-La Land. The Land of Fruits and Nuts. The City of Fallen Angels, of palm trees, smog, and kosher burritos. Aldous Huxley described it as a place of dreadful joy. Raymond Chandler said it had the personality of a paper cup. -- Al Martinez
L.A. has four seasons: Earthquake, flood, fire, and drought.
L'e'tat, c'est moi. -- Louis XIV
L'enfer, c'est les Autres. -- Jean-Paul Sartre
L'histoire n'est que le tableau des crimes et des malheurs (History is but the record of crimes and misfortunes). -- Francois Voltaire
La cervelle des petits enfants, ca doit avoir comme un petit gout de noisette. -- Charles Baudelaire
LA is a place where they've taken a desert and turned it into their dreams. -- LA Story
LA is like several thousand square miles of American Express junk mail, but without the same sense of moral depth. -- Douglas Adams
La solitude est une belle chose. Mais il faut quelqu'un pour dire que la solitude est une belle chose. Solitude is a beautiful thing. But you need someone to say that solitude is a beautiful thing. -- Balzac
LA, SF, and NY make Sodom and Gomorrah look like Disneyland. -- John Dobbin
LA, what a great place! -- Too Much Joy
Labels are devices for saving talkative persons the trouble of thinking. -- John Morley
Labor, n.: One of the processes by which A acquires property for B. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Lachrymose is to dyspeptic as ebullient is to [pause] effervescent! Awright! Harvard, here I come! -- Barney (The Simpsons)
Lack of skill dictates economy of style. -- Joey Ramone
Lackland's Laws: 1. Never be first. 2. Never be last. 3. Never volunteer for anything
Lackland's Laws: Never be first. Never be last. Never volunteer for anything.
Lactomangulation, n.: Manhandling the open here spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the illegal side. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Lactomangulation, sniglet: Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
Laddie, ya think ya might like ta ... rephrase that?
Ladies &amp; Gentlemen, Elvis has left the building.
Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury... I have a live Cod in my shorts, and it's doing the Macarena. -- Top 5
Ladies and gentlemen, I've suffered for my music. Now it's your turn. -- Neil Innes (The songwriter for Monty Python's Flying Circus)
Ladies and gentlemen, please disperse. Elvis has left the planet...
Ladies and gentlemen, the captain is preparing for the final descent. Please return your stewardess to her full, upright position for landing.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the inferno. Live from Stockholm, Sweden... like there aren't enough suicides there already... here's Green Day! -- Dennis Miller
Ladies, now you can have a bikini for a ridiculous figure.
Lady Macbeth to her dog: Out, damned Spot
Laetrile is the pits
Laguna is a lovely beach, a very Mum, Dad, & the kids atmosphere, as opposed to e.g, Santa Monica = Dregs of Society atmosphere, Huntington = Bimboid atmosphere, Malibu = Get the hell off our beach atmosphere. -- John Thornley
Laid off but technically on sabbatical right now.
Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.
Landlord say your rent is late. He may have to litigate. Don't worry, be happy. -- Bobby McFerrin
Langsam's Laws: 1) Everything depends. 2) Nothing is always. 3) Everything is sometimes.
Langsam's Laws: 1. Everything depends. 2. Nothing is always. 3. Everything is sometimes.
Language is a complementary moist lemon-scented cleansing square. -- Stephen Fry
Language is a virus from outer space. -- William S. Burroughs
Language is like a cracked kettle on which we beat out tunes for bears to dance to, while all the time we long to move the stars to pity. -- Gustave Flaubert (Madame Bovary)
Language is the dress of thought. -- Samuel Johnson
LANSAM'S LAWS: 1. Everything depends. 2. Nothing is always. 3. Everything is sometimes.
Large mountain cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.
Larkinson's Law: All laws are basically false.
LARKS' VOMIT It don't say nothing on the box about larks' vomit -- Monty Python (Trade Descriptions Act)
Las Vegas is the place to be for theme weddings! Maybe you could have a george of the jungle wedding (I know adam has been looking for an excuse to wear a loin cloth in public). -- Brian Rifkin
LAS VEGAS LAW: Never bet on a loser because his luck is bound to change.
Lasciate ogni speranza, voi ch'entrate. -- Dante Alighieri (Inferno, canto 3, line 1)
Lassie kills chickens.
Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives.
Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; They're old hat; seek viable alternatives.
Last call for alcohol.
Last fall, Dietel, Morris, Silberschatz, and Tannenbaum published a major paper that proved that the Halting Problem can be reduced to playing a friendly game of risk. -- Greg Fife
Last Halloween was bad for me. I got real beat up. I went to a party dressed as a Pinata. -- Jim Samuels
Last night as I lay in bed looking at the stars I thought, 'Where the hell is the ceiling?' -- Chris Unger
Last night as I went up the stair, I met a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today; I wish to God he'd go away.
Last night I discovered a new form of oral contraceptive. I asked a girl to go to bed with me and she said no. -- Woody Allen
Last night I had a dream that my flour sack was kidnapped and the abductors started sending me muffins in the mail. -- Frasier
Last night I was laying in bed, admiring the stars, and wondering "where's my roof"?
Last night we did it in doggie style -- I sat up and begged while she rolled over and played dead.
Last night's dream started with a trip to New York for Thanksgiving and ended with an inter-stellar villain saying "You humans are too puny a race to receive the amount of crime that I can deliver." I'm hoping that my holiday season this year will start and end the same way. -- Greg Plesur
Last one out of East Germany, turn out the light! -- Dennis Miller
Last semester the teacher had exams at 7:30 in the morning. I can't get up at 7:30 in the morning. -- Dr. Mete Soner
Last sperm in is a rotten egg.
Last time I was sober, man I felt bad: worst hangover that I ever had. -- Dire Straits
Last week I forgot how to ride a bicycle. -- Steven Wright
Last week, Marion Barry was sworn in for his fourth term as mayor of Washington, DC. He was treated for second degree burns after his fingers touched the bible. -- Dennis Miller
Last week's date went very, very well just up until it went very, very badly. Unfortunately, there was an element of love involved... -- Rohit Khare
Last words you utter before passing out? "Slide, you fat bastard! Slide!" -- Top 5
Last year I submitted 10 puns to their competition. I thought for sure at least one would win, but no pun in ten did.
Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer. Now I are won.
Last yur I kudnt spel modjerater now I are won.
Late to bed, sleep till noon, hardly work, coast till June. 1999, that is. -- Adam Rifkin
Lately I've realized I have certain material needs. -- Real Genius
Lately in email I've been throwing the verbal frisbee with quite a few teenagers. I am so amazed at how little in music most of them have heard. They usually pick a genre - rap, punk, grunge, techno, industrial, r&b, modern rock - and stick with it. -- Adam Rifkin
Later dates.
Latet anguis in herba. There's a snake hidden in the grass. -- Virgil
Latinos don't get the blues. We're very happy. It's more like a light blue, like a periwinkle. -- El Vez
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh and the world laughs with you; snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh at your problems. Everybody else does.
Laugh at your troubles and you will never run out of things to laugh at.
Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can. -- Elsa Maxwell
Laugh it up, Fuzzball. -- Han Solo
Laugh now, but I've got plenty to do when I'm the last person on the planet. -- John Dobbin
Laugh when you can; cry when you must.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Laugh, and the world laughs at you. -- Peter Campbell
Laugh, and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh, and the world thinks you are an idiot.
Laughing makes me warm. -- Sam Heitov
Laughter is a good way to begin a friendship and the best way to end one. -- Oscar Wilde
Laughter is a tranquilliser with no side effects. -- Arnold Glasow
Laughter is contagious. Be a carrier.
Laughter is the best medicine, for the hypochondriac.
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of the heart.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people. -- Victor Borge
Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over, and showing it principally in one spot. -- Josh Billings
Laughter is, after speech, the chief thing that holds society together. -- Max Eastman
Laurel and Hardy, that's John and Yoko. And we stand a better chance under that guise because all the serious people like Martin Luther King and Kennedy and Gandhi got shot. -- John Lennon
Lavatory hand-dryers are factory-delivered with key words and letters scratched out. -- Cecil Adams
Law is order, and good law is good order. -- Aristotle
Law of class scheduling: Class schedules are designed so that every student will waste the maximum time between classes.
Law of Communications: The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area of misunderstanding.
Law of Communications: The result of improved and enlarged communications is a vastly increased area of misunderstanding.
Law of Computability Applied to Social Sciences: If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.
Law of Conservation of Wit: There are only a finite number of witty sayings in the universe.
LAW OF CONSTRUCTION: Cut it large and kick it into place.
LAW OF GIFTS: You get the most of what you need the least.
Law of Insurance and Taxes - Whatever goes up, stays up.
LAW OF LIFE'S HIGHWAY: If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Law of Probable Dispersal: Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
Law of Probable Dispersal: Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
LAW OF REVELATION: The hidden flaw always remains hidden.
Law of Selective Gravity: An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
Law of Serendipity: If you wish to make an improved product, you must already be engaged in making an inferior one.
Law of Serendipity: In order to discover anything, you must be looking for something.
Law of Software Envelopment: Every program attempts to expand until it can read mail. Those programs which cannot so expand are replaced by ones which can.
LAW OF TESTS: If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
LAW OF THE KITCHEN: You're always complimented on the item that took the least effort to prepare.
LAW OF THE OFFICE: Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail.
Law of the Perversity of Nature: You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
LAW OF THE SEARCH: The first place to look for something is the last place you'd expect to find it.
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies but let wasps an hornets break through. -- Jonathan Swift
Laws of Gardening: 1. Other people's tools work only in their gardens. 2. Fancy gizmos don't work. 3. If nobody uses it, there's a reason. 4. You get the most of what you need the least.
Laws of Serendipity: 1. In order to discover anything, you must be looking for something. 2. If you wish to make an improved product, you must already be engaged in making an inferior one.
LAWYER is just LIAR mispronounced.
Lawyer, n.: One skilled in circumventing the law. -- Ambrose Bierce
Lawyer, n.: Someone who goes in after the auditors and strips the bodies.
Lawyers are like beavers. They get in the main stream and jam it up. -- W. Freund
Lawyers are persons who can write a 10,000-word document and call it a brief. -- Franz Kafka
Lawyers are the only people who can write a 10,000 word document and call it a brief.
Lawyers do it in their briefs.
Lawyers, n. pl.: The larval form of politicians.
Layer of ash separates morning and evening milk.
Layered protocols give the software implementor a chance to ruin his performance in each layer. -- Don Gillies
Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom: No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
Le coeur a ses raisons que la raison ne connait point.
Le coeur a ses raisons que la raison ne connant pont. (The heart has its reasons, whereof reason knows nothing.) (Alternately: the heart has reasons that Reason does not know.) -- Blaise Pascal
Le roi est mort. Jive le roi. The King is dead. No kidding.
Lead me not into temptation, I can find it myself.
Lead me not into temptation. I can find it myself.
Lead, follow, or get the heck outta the way!
Leaders go down in history. Some farther down than others.
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve. -- Tom Landry
Leadership is nature's way of removing morons from the productive flow. -- Dilbert
Leaf blower? A bowl of chili and a strategically placed funnel. -- Top 5
Leakproof seals... will.
Lean too much on the approval of people and it becomes a bed of thorns. -- Tehyl Hsieh
Learn as little as possible: The more you know, the more you have to know... (and the more you will be held responsible for).
Learn from the mistakes of others. You don't have time to make them all yourself.
Learn from your parents' mistakes. Use birth control!
Learn something so that you can do something by which you can earn something and honestly possess something. -- Currier & Ives Collection (circa 1860, Heritage Plantation of Sandwich America Museum (Cape Cod, MA))
Learn something? Oh yeah, I guess that COULD be a consequence of our commenting on their homework. -- Berna Massingill
Learn to pause--or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Learn to pray correctly, scientifically. Employ tested and proven methods. Avoid slipshod praying. -- Norman Vincent Peale
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Learning is discovering that something is possible. -- Fritz Perls
Learning is finding out what you already know. Doing is demonstrating that you know it. Teaching is reminding others that they know it just as well as you. You are all learners, doers, and teachers. -- Richard Bach
Learning is its own exceeding great reward. -- William Hazlitt
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Lease a man a garden and in time he will leave you a patch of sand. Make a man a full owner of a patch of sand and in time he will grow there a garden on the land.
leave me alone or i'll be fabulous at you -- David Swim
Leave no stone unturned. -- Euripides (431 BC)
Leave the beaten track occasionally and dive into the woods. You will be certain to find something you have never seen before. -- Alexander Graham Bell
Lebanese Proverb: He makes a wine cellar from one raisin.
Lebanese Proverb: He who has money can eat sherbet in hell.
Lebanese Proverb: His brains hang at the top of his fez.
Lebanese Proverb: His secret is at the tip of his tongue.
Lebanese Proverb: If life is hard on you, dwell in cities.
Lebanese Proverb: Lock your door rather than accuse your neighbour.
Lebanese Proverb: Lower your voice and strengthen your argument.
Lebanese Proverb: The bride is a frog, but the wedding a cyclone.
Lebanese Proverb: The son of a midwife knows everything.
Lebanese Proverb: We traded in shrouds; people stopped dying.
Lecture - the process by which a tutor's notes are passed to a student without necessarily passing through the mind of either.
Leda loves swans.
LEE'S LAW: In dealing with a body of people, the people will be more tacky than expected.
Left hand: sledgehammer. Right hand: Colt 45 Malt Liquor. -- Top 5
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
LEFTY GOMEZ'S LAW: If you don't throw it, they can't hit it.
Legal Secretary, n.: One who's over eighteen.
Legalink, n.: A marriage performed without religious ceremony.
Legalize EVERYTHING.
Legalize necrophilia!!
Legalize vandalism!!
Legos will pass through the digestive tract of a four year old. Duplos will not. 'Play Dough' and 'microwave' should never be used in the same sentence. SuperGlue is forever.
Legos, Playdoh, and Crayolas should be part of EVERY household. -- Ari Rapkin
Leibowitz's Rule: When hammering a nail, you will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
Leibowitz's Rule: You will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
Lemme esplain - no dere is not time. Lemme sum up. -- The Princess Bride
Lemme give ya' a hypothetic. -- Texas Rep. Renal Rosson
Lemme tellya about flannel. It gets me hot. -- Mr. Mom
Lemmings are nothing more than an existentialist metaphor for the great cosmic rat race we call life.
Lemon curry ??
Lemons + sugar + cyanide = cyan-ade! -- David Letterman
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
LEO (July 23 - Aug 22) You consider yourself a born leader. Others think you are pushy. Most Leo people are bullies. You are vain and dislike honest criticism. Your arrogance is disgusting. Leo people are thieves.
LEO (July 23 - Aug 22) Your determination and sense of humor will come to the fore. Your ability to laugh at adversity will be a blessing because you've got a day coming you wouldn't believe. As a matter of fact, if you can laugh at what happens to you today, you've got a sick sense of humor.
Leo Beiser's First Computer Axiom: When putting it into memory, remember where you put it.
LEO ROGERS' COMMENTARY: If it's worth doing, it's worth overdoing.
Lesbian Cocktail Lounge, n.: A her-she bar.
Lesbian date rape? Uh, could you run that by me again?
Less Haste, More Speed.
lesson learned: never use ordinal numbers in fragment-identifiers -- Dan Connolly
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let a fool hold his tongue and the fool will pass for a sage.
Let each man exercise the art he knows. -- Aristophanes
Let every day be a building block for your castle of dreams. -- Kathryn Major
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it!
Let He who taketh the Plunge Remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let him not quit his belief that a popgun is a popgun, though the ancient and honorable of the earth affirm it to be the crack of doom. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. -- Henry David Thoreau
Let him who is stoned cast the first sin.
Let him who plays the monarch be a king;
Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let me add that if the general population drank like cabal does, all hell would break loose, plus of course we'd eliminate the earth's vital alcohol reserves, causing moose to get even more irritable than he already is, however on balance, we would see more of the benefits and less of the harm associated with alcohol. -- Scott Potter
Let me control the planet's oxygen supply, and I don't care who makes the laws!
Let me draw an analogy here; I'm quite fond of a well mixed bloody mary, but I can't stomach straight vodka. Likewise, I would imagine pure Goth, replete with angst but lacking any ANGER, would be insipid and self-indulgent beyond my ability to endure it. -- Rachel Goldsmith
Let me explain about Genetic Engineering. That's where you take a cell from a human being and put it into a sheep, in the hope that one day it will go out and buy something. -- Neil Innes
Let me get this straight... some pervert has been breaking into this office just so he could snip the red vines!?!? -- Adam Rifkin
Let me just point out that this is all I saw I of your message. Then my head exploded. -- Sam Greenfield
Let me just say that it is super wierd throwing your own bash at a conference instead of just leaching off everyone else's, but hey, free beer, right? -- Rob Malda
Let me see if I understand this, you like green day and you're criticizing someone elses guitar playing? -- John Dobbin
Let me see what happen when you roll your face on the keyboard.
Let me speak to our mutual friend. -- The Professional
Let me take my chances on the wall of death. -- REM
Let me take you a buttonhole lower.
Let me take you under my thumb.
Let me tell you just how much of a struggle Matt Damon was experiencing at the time: He was starving, not knowing where his next meal would come from, freezing during the Boston winter as he tried to sleep in a cardboard box using bagel bags for socks and slabs of wood for shoes. Oh, wait. That might be an actual inspiring story. In truth, Matt Damon was starving in his warm Harvard dormitory. If you bought the former tale, thank you for sucking the penis of Miramax Films. Please exit to the right. -- Mr. Cranky
Let me tell you, son, I was on the Information Superhighway when it was a dirt road. And there weren't no cops.
Let me thank you for putting me back in my snail shell. -- They Might Be Giants
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let only good thoughts motivate your day; quiet all others. -- Kathryn Major
Let r be a group, g be a field, and f be a ring. -- Rohit Khare
Let sleeping dogs lie. -- Charles Dickens
Let the buyer beware, unless the warranty covers parts and labor.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Let the marketplace decide. -- Tim Byars
Let the person who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let them read USENET! -- Richard Bullington
Let there be many windows to your soul, that all the glory of the world may beautify it. -- Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Let us be thankful for the fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed. -- Mark Twain
Let us cross over the river, and rest under the shade of the trees. -- Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson's last words before dying on May 10, 1863 following the battle of Chancellorsville in the U.S. Civil War
Let us endeavour so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us go and do some of these things we can't do. -- G.K. Chesterton (Manalive)
Let us live Let us love Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls You first.
Let us live!!! Let us love!!! Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!! You first.
Let us love temperately, things violent last not. -- Philip Massinger
Let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiate. -- John F. Kennedy
Let us not go faster than God. It is our emptiness and our thirst that he needs, not our plentitude. -- Jaques Maritian
Let us not grow weary in well doing, for in due season you shall reap if you faint not. -- Galations 6:9
Let us not waste our time in idle discourse. -- Samuel Beckett (Waiting for Godot)
Let us reform our schools, and we shall find little need of reform in our prisons. -- John Ruskin (Modern Painters)
Let us rejoice and be merry.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the Lord. -- Lamentations 3:40
Let us sit bent, but talk straight.
Let us so live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. -- Mark Twain
Let your conscience be your guide. -- Pope
Let your fingers do the talking.
Let your mind go and your body will follow. -- LA Story
Let's ask it which of us is smarter. -- Calvin
Let's assume the worst and work from there. -- Adam Rifkin
Let's be clear here: Seldom doesn't work in the jazz club; he owns the jazz club. He could break into the Banana Song any time he wanted. -- Mr. Cranky
Let's be scientific. Are you a Gemini? -- Jose Calvo
Let's bring it up to date with some snappy nineteenth century dialogue. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Let's celebrate the arrangement with the adding of chocolate to milk. -- Homer Simpson
Let's crap in our hands and throw it at people! Heh heh... you know, no matter how much you evolve, that's still damn funny. -- MST3K
Let's do some crimes. Like buy sushi, and not pay! -- Repo Man
Let's do something together sometime this weekend, other than sleep (or watch tv), ok???? -- Michelle Gardner
Let's do the time warp again!
Let's do the Time Warp again
Let's do this in one foul sweep. -- Texas House Speaker Wayne Clayton
Let's end our careers by challenging a decision that won't change. That's a great idea... and let's pull our neckties until it hurts! -- Dilbert's boss
Let's face it, buddy. I have a body that makes *men* wet! -- Cat (Red Dwarf)
Let's face it. The only place different social types can get along with each other is in heaven. -- Heathers
LET'S FACE THE OBVIOUS. Yesterday we were nerds. Today we're the cognitive elite. Let's conquer. -- Chester G. Edwards
Let's go do something cool, like... break something. -- Beavis
Let's go exploring! -- Calvin's last words to Hobbes
Let's go get a pizza
Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway.
Let's greet her with a twenty one sun galoot!
Let's have some new cliches. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Let's hit The Penguin. It's like, what, 1:20? It's almost cocktail hour.... -- Max (Kicking & Screaming)
Let's hope that football will be the winner at the end of the day.
Let's ignore the fact that it took me 20 minutes to figure out how to do this. Sheesh. approve [password] unsubscribe cabal [owen] And let that be a lesson to you all. Violate MY rules and it'll take you a good 4 seconds of cutting and pasting to get your ass resubscribed. Heh. That'll learn ya. -- Mike Wallace
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
Let's just say Bulletbomber will become a household name. -- John Dobbin
Let's just say I hit 50 and made a U-turn. -- Phyllis Diller
Let's just say I'd rather be a gang banger than a spastic colon. -- John Dobbin
Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious. -- Friends
Let's just say she has curvature of the supine.
Let's just say that if complete and utter chaos were lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards.' -- Rincewind the Wizard
Let's just say that the Daytona area is not condusive to the sustaining of skinny ass pale white boys, like me. -- Chris Heiser
Let's just say the impressions you left in the butter left little to the imagination. -- Friends
Let's make like a baby and head out.
Let's make like a banana and split.
Let's make like a bee and buzz off.
Let's make like a bottom and split.
Let's make like a Catholic and pull out.
Let's make like a cow pie and hit the trail.
Let's make like a drum and beat it.
Let's make like a hockey player and get the puck out of here.
Let's make like a junkie and blow this joint.
Let's make like a Mexican dinner and run.
Let's make like a nose and run.
Let's make like a nosebleed and head back.
Let's make like a nut and bolt.
Let's make like a penis and pull out of this hole.
Let's make like a plane and jet.
Let's make like a shephard and get the flock out of here.
Let's make like a Tom and Cruise.
Let's make like a train and leave tracks.
Let's make like a tree and leave.
Let's make like a Wonder Bread man and haul buns.
Let's make like an abortion and cut out.
Let's make like an exorcist and get the hell out of here.
Let's make like peanut butter and jam.
Let's make like the wind and blow.
Let's make mad, passionate love. I'll get passionate, you get mad!
Let's make off like a prom dress.
Let's make on thing clear about the brass section: the rest of the orchestra wishes they were playing in the other room. So does the conductor. -- Garrison Keillor
Let's meet at the Blue Lobster restaurant.
Let's meet at the Snafu Bar and Grill.
Let's nuke the bridge we torched 2,000 times before. -- Green Day
Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.
Let's prove that all these assholes in the press that think that you guys don't deserve your own Woodstock, were wrong. -- Woodstock 94 track 5
Let's put it this way, last weekend I got more physical contact with my sister than I did with her. -- Steven Bondi
Let's put the fun back in dysfunctional. -- Tim Byars
Let's see, looks like the ol'standard: 3 softshells, 1 meximelt, 1 double beef burrito supreme, 1 small Dr. Pepper, 1.5 free refils. -- Mark Meloon
Let's see. Skinny, ugly, beat, cheat, lie, steal, drummer for MOTLEY CRUE? I should just kill myself now. -- Kevin and Bean
Let's see... a shooting at the White House... Rodney King busted for drunk driving... Joey Buttafuoco charged with a sex crime... is it time for summer reruns already?
Let's split up. We can do more damage that way.
Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there. (Famous last words)
Let's try to avoid the donkey work. -- Berna Massingill
Lets all take the TIME to really LISTEN 2 r KIDS
Lets bake cookies for the boys. -- Malibu Stacy (the Simpsons)
Lets buy make-up so the boys will like us. -- Malibu Stacy (the Simpsons)
Lets face it. We all know Christmas is a big commercial racket. It's run by a big Eastern Syndicate you know. -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "A Charlie Brown Christmas")
Letterman does farce, which is harder than satire and better for your digestion.
Letting sleeping dogs lie, sleeping cats fry. -- Me 90
Lettuce is spoiled when you can't get it off the bottom of the vegetable crisper without Comet.
Levity is the soul of wit. -- Eli Perkins
LEVY'S NINTH LAW: Only God can make a random selection.
Lewis' Law: People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Lewis's Law of Travel: The first piece of luggage out of the chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.
LIAR = Lexicon of Intentionally Ambiguous References. -- Robert Thornton
Liar, n.: A lawyer with a roving commission. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
LIAR: A man like him is hard to find.
LIAR: For the services he has given our firm over the years, we are deeply indebted.
LIAR: He will do nothing which will lower your high regard for him.
LIAR: He's a difficult man to replace.
LIAR: He's definitely a young man to watch.
LIAR: He's nobody's fool.
LIAR: He's only 30, but he has the mental faculties of a man three times his age.
LIAR: His job requires few skills which he lacks.
LIAR: His research is on the cutting edge.
LIAR: I am pleased to say this candidate is a former colleague of mine.
LIAR: I cannot recommend him highly enough.
LIAR: I honestly don't think he could have done a better job for us if he had tried.
LIAR: I most enthusiastically recommend this man with no qualifications whatsoever.
LIAR: It was a pleasure working under her.
LIAR: It won't take her long to get up to speed.
LIAR: No amount of praise would suffice for the amount of work he has done for us.
LIAR: No salary will be too much for her.
LIAR: One usually comes away from him with a good feeling.
Liar: One who tells an unpleasant truth.
LIAR: She just may be the best accountant your firm will ever hire.
LIAR: She was always high in my opinion.
LIAR: There's no mistaking this man's potential.
LIAR: There's nothing you can teach a man like him.
LIAR: We always knew he would forge a name for himself.
LIAR: We wish we had 10 employees like him.
LIAR: We would love to have a portrait of her hanging in the office.
LIAR: You won't find many people like her.
LIAR: You'll be very fortunate to get him to work for you.
Liars when they speak the truth are not believed -- Aristotle
Liberace was a great piano player, but he sucked on the organ.
Liberal means open-minded, willing to try new things, eager to get to the next place. That's the kind of person I like to hang out with. I hope we can someday afford to run our country that way again. -- Bill Maher
Liberal, n.: A power worshipper without power.
Liberals are so god-damned annoying because they want you to think about every little thing. There's no question that Poncelet is guilty and that he's a scumbag. Killing him is doing him a favor. -- Mr. Cranky
Liberals attempt through judicial activism what they cannot win at the ballot box. -- Rush Limbaugh
Liberals measure compassion by how many people are given welfare. Conservatives measure compassion by how many people no longer need it. -- Rush Limbaugh
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have. -- Harry Emerson Fosdick
Liberty is food easy to eat but hard to digest. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Liberty is not the freedom to do whatever we want; it is the freedom to do whatever we are able.
Liberty is the only thing you cannot have unless you are willing to give it to others. -- Libertarian Motto
Liberty is the right to do what the law permits. -- Montesquieu
Liberty must be limited in order to be possessed. -- Edmund Burke
Libido ergo sum. I lust, therefore I am.
LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22) Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire for filthy lucre and a decent meal. Be gracious and polite. Someone is watching you, so stop staring like that.
LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22) You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with reality. If you are a man, you are more than likely gay. Chances for employment and monetary gains are excellent. Most Libra women are prostitutes. All Libra people die of Venereal disease.
Library only has two sections: "Limbaugh" and "Liddy." -- Top 5
Library, n.: An organized collection of obsolete material.
License plate on a VW Beetle: FEATURE
Lie to me. I promise I'll believe. -- Sheryl Crow
Lie, n.: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Lieberman's Law: Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
LIEBERMAN'S LAW: Everybody lies; but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Lies and betrayals, fruit covered nails, electricity and lust... -- Pavement
Life - brief interlude between nothingness and etern
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified. -- Dr. Samuel Johnson
Life all comes down to a few moments. This is one of them. -- Wall Street
Life always sucks. It's just that sometimes that feels very good. -- Kevin Ryan
Life begets life. Energy creates energy. It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich. -- Sarah Bernhardt
Life begins when you get a job. -- Ronald Reagan
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge. -- Gauguin
Life can be great if you live it to the fullest
Life can be only understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards. (S&ouml;ren Kierkegaard)
Life cannot be cut off quickly. One cannot be dead until the things he changed are dead. His effect is the only evidence of life. -- John Steinbeck (To a God Unknown)
Life consists of accommodating the Universe to oneself.
Life consists of what man is thinking of all day. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life doesn't breathe only at the points of exhilaration. To me, life happens whenever there's some small detail that catches your attention, even if momentarily. -- Adam Rifkin
Life Facts..Death, Taxes, and THEY will Tax us to Death
Life goes by so fast, that if you don't stop and look around, you might miss it. -- Ferris Bueller
Life goes slower when you graze. -- Northern Exposure
Life has a funny way of biting you when your pants are down. -- Michael Molloy
Life has been a futile pursuit, and wandering - a great deal of talk without meaning. -- Ingmar Bergman (The Seventh Seal)
Life has no undo button.
Life has taught me to think, but thinking has not taught me to live. -- Alexander Herzen
Life imitates art, but must it imitate satire?
Life in Lubbock, Texas, taught me two things: One is that God loves you and you're going to burn in hell. The other is that sex is the most awful, filthy thing on earth. And you should save it for someone you love. -- Butch Hancock
Life is a banquet &amp; most suckers are starving
Life is a cereal. And a magazine. And a bowl of cherries. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
Life is a dead-end street. -- H.L. Mencken
Life is a distributed object system. However, communication among humans is a distributed hypermedia system, where the mind's intellect, voice+gestures, eyes+ears, and imagination are all components. -- Roy Fielding
Life is a do-it-yourself kit. -- Phyllis Diller
Life is a game of bridge -- and you have just been finessed.
Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score. -- Ted Turner
Life is a glorious cycle of song, a medley of extemporanea; and love is a thing that can never go wrong, and I am Marie of Rumania. -- Dorothy Parker
Life is a great big canvas; throw all the paint on it you can! -- Danny Kaye
Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one. -- Vladimir Nobokov
Life is a grindstone. Whether you get ground down or polished depends on what you are made of.
Life is a hereditary disease.
Life is a joke, and death is the ultimate punch line. Welcome to hell. -- Trevor Schadt
Life is a perpetual drunkenness. The pleasure passes, but the headache remains.
Life is a placebo masquerading as a simile.
Life is a potato, and you have to grab it and look it in the eye.
Life is a quarry, out of which we are to mold and chisel and complete a character. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Life is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
Life is a ride. We're all strapped in and none of us can stop it. The best you can hope for at the end of life is that your hair's messed up, you're out of breath, and you didn't throw up. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Life is a sandwich, and it's always lunchtime.
Life is a series of hellos and goodbyes, I'm afraid it's time for goodbye again. -- Billy Joel
Life is a series of little deaths out of which life always returns. -- Charles Feidelson, Jr.
Life is a series of very rude awakenings.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Life is a terrible thing to sleep through. -- What's Eating Gilbert Grape
Life is a tragedy for those who feel, and a comedy for those who think. -- Jean de La Bruyhre
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all of the time and have the time of your life.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is action and passion; therefore, it is required of a man that he should share the passion and action of the time, at peril of being judged not to have lived. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes (Jr)
Life is all sweetness and light.
Life is an empty glass, but see with what a fine, unerring grace, I lift and hurl it dauntlessly into death's insolent, dark face! -- Natalie Flohr (Opportunity)
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others. -- Helen Keller
Life is an intolerable burden, which every living thing somehow manages to tolerate.
Life is an open-book test. Just because all the answers are right there in front of you, there is no guarantee that you'll pass.
Life is anything that dies when you stomp it!
Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it.
Life is biology. Biology is really chemistry. Chemistry is really physics. Physics is really math, and math is really hard
Life is but a walking shadow... -- William Shakespeare
Life is change... that's how it's different from the rocks... -- Airplane
Life is cheap, but toilet paper is expensive!
Life is complex. It has real and imaginary parts. -- Rich Rosen
life is cool, netscape blows -- Rob Earhart
Life is difficult. -- M. Scott Peck (The first line of "The Road Less Travelled")
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
Life is fired at us point-blank. -- Jose Ortega
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is full of decisions, but you never get to make any. -- Linus van Pelt
Life is full of hardships. The short ones usually sink.
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering, and it is all over much too quickly. -- Woody Allen
Life is full of pleasant surprises.
Life is full of surprises, but never when you need one. -- Calvin and Hobbes
Life is getting better all the time.
Life is hard; It's even harder if you're stupid. -- John Wayne
Life is just a bed of roses.
Life is just a continuous process of getting used to things you didn't expect.
Life is just a mirror, and what you see out there, you must first see inside of you. -- Wally "Famous" Amos
Life is life an unassembled abacus. It's what you make of it that counts.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey onto my granola and faced a new day. -- Peter Applebome
Life is like a box of chocolates. Fattening.
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're going to get. -- Forrest Gump
Life is like a bra. There's always a catch. -- John Dobbin
Life is like a buffet. It's not good but there's plenty of it.
Life is like a Car-wash and I'm on a bicycle.
Life is like a carrot. Long and hard and orange and chewy when steamed.
Life is like a cash register, in that every account, every thought, every deed, like every sale, is registered and recorded. -- Fulton J. Sheen
Life is like a clock. You can work constantly and be right all the time, or not work at all and be right at least twice a day.
Life is like a fountain... I will tell you how when I figure it out.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. -- Jawaharlal Nehru
Life is like a grinding wheel. It will either sharpen you up or grind you down, depending on what you're made of.
Life is like a kiwi.
Life is like a maze in which you try to avoid the exit.
Life is like a movie. Since there aren't any commercial breaks, you have to get up and go to the bathroom in the middle of it.
Life is like a roll of toilet paper; no matter what, you'll eventually get shit on. -- Forest Dump
Life is like a sewer... What you get out of it depends on what you put into it. -- Tom Lehrer
Life is like a shit sandwich. The more bread you have, the less shit you have to eat.
Life is like a simile.
Life is like a ten-speed bike. Most of us have gears we never use. -- Charles M. Schulz
Life is like a Wankel Engine. In between the emptiness of boredom and despair, and the compression of stress in one's life, there's that one spark of enjoyment that keeps you going. -- Lars Ericson
Life is like an analogy.
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is nothing in it.
Life is like laughing with a cracked rib.
Life is like toilet paper... when the end is near, we panic!
Life is made up of small pleasures. Happiness is made up of those tiny successes; the big ones come too infrequently. If you don't have all of those zillions of tiny successes, the big ones don't mean anything. -- Norman Lear
Life is not a big joke... it's a bunch of little jokes, all lined up in a row.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a gift to enjoy.
Life is not a spectator sport. Just do it. -- Nike
Life is not lost by dying; life is lost minute by minute, day by dragging day, in all the thousand small uncaring ways. -- Stephen Vincent Benit
Life is one long struggle in the dark. -- Titus Lucretius Carus (55 BC)
Life is only as long as you live it.
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who tells you otherwise is trying to sell you something. -- The Princess Bride
Life is playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. -- Samuel Butler
Life is pretty stupid, with a lot of hubbub to keep you busy, but not really amounting to much. -- LA Story
Life is rather like a tin of sardines. We're all of us looking for the key. -- Allen Bennett
Life is really just a game, but there is some assembly required. -- Tom Wilson
Life is really just one long party.
Life is roff when yer stewpid.
Life is serious, but ART is fun!
Life is so constructed that the event does not, cannot, will not match the expectation. -- Charlotte Bronte
Life is so strange when you don't know your destination. -- Missing Persons
Life is something you do when you can't get to sleep. -- Fran Lebowitz
Life is strange. There is nothing to compare it to.
Life is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind it doesn't matter.
Life is such a bundle of fun.
Life is that brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.
Life is the childhood of our immortality. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations. -- Herbert Spencer
Life is the crummiest book I ever read. There isn't a hook; just a lot of cheap shots, pictures that shock, and characters an amatuer would never dream of. -- Bad Religion
Life is the living you do; death is the living you don't.
Life is thick sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. -- Voltaire
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
Life is too important to take seriously. -- Corky Siegel
Life is too short for arguments. Every nanosecond a person spends disagreeing or disrespecting or hating or chiding, is one less nanosecond a person has for finer things. -- Adam Rifkin
Life is too short to be taken seriously. -- Oscar Wilde
Life is tough. And then you die.
Life is uncertain - eat dessert first
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first!
Life is what happens to you when you're making other plans. -- John Lennon (Beautiful Boy)
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else.
Life is what happens when you are busy elsewhere.
Life is what happens when you are busy making other plans.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Life is...life is...life is...a kumquat.......What? You mean it isn't?
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments. -- Rose Kennedy
Life isn't all beer and skittles; few of us have touched a skittle in years. -- Edna St. Vincent Millay
Life isn't fair. Why should I be? -- Margaret Atwood
Life itself is the proper binge. -- Julia Child
Life may have no meaning. Or even worse, it may have a meaning of which I disapprove. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Life only demands from you the strength you possess. Only one feat is possible--not to have run away. -- Dag Hammarskjold
Life sucks, and FedEx is open till 5. -- Rohit Khare
Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative. -- Peter da Silva
Life sucks, but sometimes that feels good.
Life sucks, get a helmet. -- Denis Leary
Life Technologies is coming out with a new water said to contain seven times more oxygen than regular bottled water. It's perfect for those people who are just too busy to breathe.
Life teems with quiet fun.
Life was simple before World War II. After that, we had systems. -- Admiral Grace Hopper
Life was such a wheel that no man could stand upon it for long. And it always, in the end, came round to the same place again. -- Stephen King (The Stand)
Life with no f is a lie. -- Mad About You
Life without bears would be unbearable.
Life without learning is death. -- Cicero
Life without STL is like being Elvis: you start wanting to dig holes in your feet to get demerol. -- Robert Rodgers
Life without you is like a broken pencil. Pointless.
Life would be easier if I had the source code.
Life would be far more interesting if people could explode at will. -- Sam Kass
Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it weren't for other people. -- Blore
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
Life, don't talk to me about life. -- Marvin
Life, liberty and the happiness of pursuit!
Life, like a dome of many-coloured glass, stains the white radiance of eternity. -- P.B. Shelley
Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
Life, said Marvin. Don't talk to me about life.
Life, we learn too late, is in the living, the tissue of every day and hour. -- Stephen Butler Leacock
Life. Don't talk to me about life. -- Marvin (the paranoid android)
Life... don't talk to me about life.
LIFE101... I'll take an incomplete, thank you...
LIFE: A fatal, sexually transmitted disease.
Life's a beach, and then you drown.
Life's a beach, and then you dry.
Life's a bitch, and life's got lots of sisters. -- Ross Presser
Life's a bitch, and then you marry one.
Life's a bitch, but the puppies are cute.
Life's a bitch, then you die.
Life's a joke, and we're the punchline.
Life's a journey, not a destination. -- Aerosmith
Life's a witch, then you fly.
Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. -- William Shakespeare
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words. -- Calvin
Life's greatest tragedy is to lose God and not to miss Him. -- F.W. Norwood
Life's Iron Rule: Stuff doesn't happen until you show up. -- Tom Peters
Life's just a mood ring we're not allowed to see. -- They Might Be Giants
Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. -- Kermit
Life's not all good. It's not all bad. Heck, life's not all anything except for life.
Life's the same, except for the shoes. -- The Cars
Life's too short to dance with ugly men.
Life's too short to dance with ugly women. -- Bumper sticker
life's too short to spend one-seventh of it on monday.
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect. -- Margaret Mitchell
Lift up his kilt and if he's got two quarter-pounders, he's a McDonald.
Light beer? Do I LOOK like a pussy? -- The Opposite Sex
Light is often found in the deepest darkness.
Light speed Ridiculous speed Ludicrous speed
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Lighten up while you still can, don't even try to understand, just find a place to make your stand and take it easy. -- Eagles
Lighten up, Charlie. You have a pickle up your ass. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
Lighten up, you two. Your penises are both of sufficient size. -- Brad Daly
Lightening never strikes twice in the same place. Remember that when you're hit the first time, and you decide to move to a safer place.
Lightning is one helluva murder weapon. And the best part is, it cannot be traced.
Like a fly to a bug zapper, you are drawn to the cafeteria. -- Brendan Gray
Like a ghost breeze through the eucalyptus trees, nostalgia's wake of melancholy reverie clouds the shitty past with tear-jerking slop about a time when mediocrity and conformity were next to Godliness... -- Robert Williams (Life in the 50's)
Like a goose, I just pass it on... -- Adam Rifkin
Like a harsh neon streaking through the velvet darkness the whetted knife of Life tore its path through her Dreams...
Like a ski resort full of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking for girls, the situation is not as symmetric as it might seem. -- Marc Unangst
Like a small child with a toybox which once were full of toys, now scattered all over the place. :) -- Bobby Malone
Like apples of gold in settings of silver is a word spoken in right circumstances. -- Proverbs 25:11
like being quotefiled by faisal is any sort of accomplishment -- Adam Rixey
Like Cain in Kung Fu. Travel the earth, have adventures. -- Pulp Fiction
Like cold water to a weary soul, so is good news from a distant land. -- Proverbs 25:25
like diapers, politicians should be changed regularly. for the same reasons. -- Andrew Stellman
Like excrement, it contains enough undigested nuggets of nutrition to sustain life for some. -- Dennis Ritchie
Like Harrison Ford, I'm getting frantic. Like Sting, I'm tantric. Like Snickers, guaranteed to satisfy. -- Barenaked Ladies
Like having an unlisted 900 number. -- John Dobbin
Like many things in life, you can do exactly what you were going to do in the first place and change the names. -- Steve Jobs
Like most of those who study history, (Napoleon III) learned from the mistakes of the past how to make new ones. -- A.J.P. Taylor
Like most other "sexy" articles of women's clothing, it puts men in "the mood" and the woman wearing it in the mood to chuck it in the trash and sit in a bathtub with a box of Hershey's Kisses until her toes look like prunes. -- Mark Argent
Like most people in Academia, my vision of the future is the same as the average industry person's vision of five years ago. -- Philip Greenspun
Like most rational people, I do not like to have my superstitions tampered with ineptly. Until such time as a better explanation is offered, I suggest the practice be continued. -- John F. Adams ("Beekeeping: The Gentle Craft", speaking of the practice of "telling the bees," in which someone goes to the beehives to tell the bees of the death of the beekeeper or other nearby humans)
Like most rich people, Tom would rather see his son cut into pieces and fed to Hudson River carp than have any of his money end up in the hands of some union-loving liberal. -- Mr. Cranky
Like my dear old mother says, you can't polish a turd.
Like Russian Roulette with six bullets loaded. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops. -- Kurt Vonnegut Jr. (Slaughterhouse Five)
Like the once noble mahi mahi, you'll end up on the pu pu platter of the tiki tiki hut of life. -- Al Bundy
Like the ski resort full of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem. -- Alan McKay
Like this topic hasn't been endlessly killed by the weiners on the "pgh.food" newsgroup. The two camps of opinion are basically these: It's not authentic, I don't care. -- Elliott Evans
Like two pods in a pea! -- Thanh Boyer
Like Unix, C++ was never designed, it MUTATED as one goofy mistake after another became obvious. It's just one big mess of afterthoughts. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Like warm silly putty... -- John Dobbin
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Like, I think my bottle absorbed my Beer, eh.
Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.
Likely early candidates are The Ruthless People Soundtrack, The Falcon and The Snowman Soundtrack and Bachelor Dance Party. -- John Dobbin
Likes and dislikes are among my favorites.
Limericks are art forms complex, Their topics run chiefly to sex. They usually have virgins, And masculine urgin's, And other erotic effects.
Limit Congress members to two terms. One in Congress and one in jail.
Lincoln had a brighter future when he picked up his tickets at the box office. -- Frasier
Lincoln said, "In onion, there is strength."
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
LINE STARVE n. inverse of a line feed.
Line up alphabetically by height. -- Casey Stengel
Linear layout, with scrolling, supports visual contiguity, which is essential for rapid comprehensibility. -- Michael Hoffman
Lingam, n: A symbol cojoining the lingam and yoni.
Linus Torvalds's style of development - release early and often, delegate everything you can, be open to the point of promiscuity - came as a surprise. No quiet, reverent cathedral-building here - rather, the Linux community seemed to resemble a great babbling bazaar of differing agendas and approaches (aptly symbolized by the Linux archive sites, who'd take submissions from anyone) out of which a coherent and stable system could seemingly emerge only by a succession of miracles. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Linus, for example, didn't actually try to write Linux from scratch. Instead, he started by reusing code and ideas from Minix, a tiny Unix-like OS for 386 machines. Eventually all the Minix code went away or was completely rewritten - but while it was there, it provided scaffolding for the infant that would eventually become Linux. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Linux IS user friendly. It's just not very promiscuous about whom it's user friendly WITH.
Linux: Thousands of people from all over the world help you to shoot yourself in the foot, for free. -- Bruce Sherrod
Lions and Tigers and Mimes, Oh Boy! -- Top 5
Liposuction will destroy your FAT
Lips that taste of tears, they say are the best for kissing. -- Dorothy Parker
Liquor Store, n.: A stupor market.
Lisa Marie refused to take the four-year intensive NASA training program that would teach her to moonwalk. -- David Letterman
Lisa Marie's found out "Neverland" refers to their sex life. -- David Letterman
Lisa! What do you call those guys in chess that don't matter? -- Bart Simpson
Lisp has all the visual appeal of oatmeal with fingernail clippings mixed in. -- Larry Wall
Lisp is a great language -- it's heavily recursive, interactive, easy to read, and well thought out. It is to C++ what primal joy is to, oh, stabbing yourself in the face with an icepick -- Robert Rodgers
Lisp is like a finely choreographed ballet. Ada is like a waltz of drugged elephants. C is like a sword-dance on a freshly waxed floor.
Lisp is the one true language, and Emacs is its prophet!
Lisp Users: Due to the holiday, there will be no garbage collection on Monday.
LISP, n.: To call a spade a thpade.
LISP: To call a spade a thpade.
Lispers are among the best grads of the Sweep-It-Under-Someone-Else's-Carpet School of Simulated Simplicity. -- Larry Wall
Listen to the kidneys. They are smarter than you are. -- James Cook
Listen to them... children of the night. What music they make! -- Bram Stoker
Listen up Rohit. If anyone knows anything about lack of quality control, it's a Microsoftie. -- Tim Byars
Listen up, you primitive screwheads: This is MY BOOMSTICK! -- Army of Darkness
Listen, have you seen the dolphins yet? -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Listen, if anything happens to Yoko and me, it was not an accident. -- John Lennon
Listen, Pinnochia, I know women talk like this too. You can't genderalize. -- Adam Rifkin
Listening gives wisdom, speaking gives repentance.
Literature is the question minus the answer. -- Roland Barthes
Little boats should keep near the shore.
Little Jerry won his cockfight. -- Kramer (Seinfeld)
Little men! Oh MUR-DER! -- Bugs Bunny
Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, and what a big tuffet she had. So if you're feeling insecure, just stand next to her, then you won't feel quite so bad.
Little Red Riding Hood is a communist contraceptive.
Little Red Riding Hood -- Scum Killer
Little rivers which run into the Nile are Juveniles.
Little secrets, tremors turned to quake. The smallest oceans still get big, big waves. -- Pearl Jam
Little things affect little minds. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Live and don't learn, that's us. -- Calvin and Hobbes
Live as though it were your last day on Earth. Some day you will be right!
Live better, electrically!
Live every day as if it were your last and some day you'll be right.
Live every day like your hair was on fire. -- Michael Jackson
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
Live fast, die young, have a beautiful corpse.
Live forever. We could start a band. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Live in the past and future only.
Live long and multi-task. -- Mike Smithwick
Live long and orgasm.
Live long and prosper. If anything goes wrong, nuke the whole site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. -- Ryan Troll
Live now, there'll be plenty of time to be dead later
Live the imagination. Lick the reality. -- Andrew Plotkin
Live to the limit and listen to your heart, don't let life leave you standing in the dark. Love fades away but the spirit never dies. It's all in the game, winning isn't everything. -- Nena
Live together like brothers and do business like strangers. -- Arab Proverb
Live with your head in the lion's mouth. -- Ralph Ellison (Invisible Man)
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do it.
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat. -- Henry David Thoreau
Lives based on having are less free than lives based either on doing or on being. -- William James
Living never wore one out as much as the effort not to live. -- Ana=EFs Nin
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living poor is best left to those with no money.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Lizzie Borden took an axe, And plunged it deep into the VAX; Don't you envy people who Do all the things YOU want to do?
lo, i am lame -- Rob Earhart
Loan-department manager: "There isn't any fine print. At these interest rates, we don't need it."
Lock up your grandmothers! The Rolling Stones are touring again!
Lock up your libraries if you like, but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind. -- Virginia Woolf
Lockwood's Long Shot: The chances of getting eaten by a lion on Main Street aren't one in a million, but once is enough.
Lockwood's Long Shot: The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.
Locomotive, n.: A crazy reason for doing anything.
Locusts... hmmm. Do I have your assurance that these locusts will not embarass Mrs. Smear at table with foul language? -- Hugh Laurie
Logarithm, n.: Birth control method for trees.
Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law: "n+1" trivial tasks take twice as long as "n" trivial tasks.
Logging into vaxen is good for you. It teaches patience. -- William Bardwell
Logic - the principle on which all computers are built, but none seem to run under.
Logic and cold reason are poor weapons to fight fear and distrust. Only faith and generosity can overcome them. -- Jawaharlal Nehru
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells AWFUL.
Logic is a means of CONFIDENTLY being wrong.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers that smell bad.
Logic is the art of going wrong with confidence. -- Joseph Wood Krutch
Logic is the methodology by which one arrives at the incorrect answer with the utmost confidence.
Logic... merely enables one to be wrong with authority. -- David Whitaker (Written for the Second Doctor Who, "The Wheel In Space")
Logical relationships occur in accordance with the user's preconceptions. Physical ones occur in accordance with the user's hardware.
Logically, all things are created by a combination of simpler, less capable components. Therefore, a supreme being must be our _future_, not our origin! What if "God" is the consciousness that will be created when enough of us are connected by the Internet!! -- Dogbert
LOGIN PROCEEDING. LOGIN PROCEEDING.
Logorrhea, n.: Excessive and often incoherent talkativeness.
London grew into something huge and contradictory. It was a good place, and a fine city, but there is a price to be paid for all good places, and a price that all good places have to pay. -- Neil Gaiman (Neverwhere)
Lonely is a man without love.
Lonely men seek companionship. Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.
Lonely Proctologist decides to look up a few friends.
Lonely, Worf seeks a Dog/Turtle hybrid for companionship.
Long and thin goes further in but short and thick does the trick.
Long computations that yield zero are probably all for naught.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
Long distance is the next best thing to being there.
Long life is in store for you.
Long live the great electronic underground!!
Long live The Great Electronic Underground!
Long separated by cruel fate, the star-crossed lovers raced across the grassy field toward each other like two freight trains, one having left Cleveland at 6:36 p.m. traveling at 55 mph, the other from Topeka at 4:19 p.m. at a speed of 35 mph. -- Jennifer Hart
Long, long be my heart with such memories free'd! Like the vase in which roses have once been distill'd. You may break, you may shatter the vase if you will, but the scent of the roses will hang round it still. -- Thomas Moore Farewell But Whenever
Look - we have just landed upon the outpost of death. My soul is puking. -- Charles Bukowski
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Look after the molehills and the mountains will take care of themselves.
Look alive, Rebecca. -- Schindler's List
Look around you, all you see is sympathetic eyes. -- Simon and Garfunkel
Look at all the Indians -- General Custer
Look at all these idiots, look at all these fools. A factory full of morons, a planet full of boobs. -- Mr. Burns (who makes Muddy Waters seem shallow and cheerful)
Look at Jewish history. Unrelieved lamenting would be intolerable. So, for every ten Jews beating their breasts, God designated one to be crazy and amuse the breast-beaters. By the time I was five I knew I was that one. -- Mel Brooks
Look at the Warren Commission. A Shriner Convention without go carts. -- Slacker
Look at those dwarves! They're big! They're small! They've got big shields and small axes! -- Sean Simmons
Look before you leap. -- Samuel Butler
Look behind you, Gigi.
Look both ways before crossing the streams. -- Kendall Bullen
Look both ways, visit your wrath, & then deny everything. -- Kevin Zygmontas
Look closely at the credits and you'll notice that the producer and screenwriter duties belong to none other than John Hughes, the man who "discovered" Molly Ringwald and Macauley Culkin and then inflicted them upon the world. -- Mr. Cranky
Look ere ye leap.
Look famous... be legendary... appear complex... act easy... radiate presence... travel light... seem a dream... prove real. -- Brenda Janish
Look forward to the day when NRA stands for No Longer Relevant. -- Dennis Miller
Look into my face; my name is Might-have-been; I am also called No-more, Too-late, Farewell. -- Dante Gabriel Rossetti (A Superscription)
Look into your heart! -- Miller's Crossing
Look out Behind you AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Look out for #1. Don't step in #2 either.
Look out! Behind you!
Look under the sofa cushion; you will be surprised at what you find.
Look up the word LUCUBRATION in the dictionary.
Look where all this talking got us, baby. -- Live
Look! A flying porpoise!
Look! A GothiKKKKKKKK Wanker! -- Kristiina Wilson
Look! God in drag!
Look, cupcake, you're aggravating my PostScript-traumatic stress disorder. -- Dan Martinez
Look, dude, I jump out of planes for kicks. Going half as fast just for the thrill of wondering whether or not four rubber balloons will actually manage to keep me on the road instead of sliding off the edge and dying is reasonably cool, but more horsepower isn't gonna make it cooler... -- Rob Earhart
Look, I don't want to argue semantics with you; I just want the protein. -- Grosse Pointe Blank
Look, I tried the cat experiment. On the third trial, the cat was dead. On each of the subsequent 413 trials, it remained dead. Am I doing something wrong? -- James Nicoll
Look, I'll kill you. -- Eric Snider
Look, I'm user-friendly, but you're really pushing it.
look, i've seen the A-Team more recently than i've had sex. I think that's all i need to say. -- Dan Bruce
Look, if you didn't insist on using HTTP to walk your dog, maybe you wouldn't get screwed by it so often. -- Rob Earhart
Look, it's my misery that I have to paint this kind of painting, it's your misery that you have to love it, and the price of the misery is thirteen hundred and fifty dollars. -- Mark Rothko
Look, Muth tracks!
Look, Muth tracks
Look, sir 'droids
look, the only people who don't write terrible poetry are ezra pound and my sister. my sister because she doesn't write poetry and ezra pound because he's DEAD. -- Faisal Jawdat
Look, you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you! -- Monty Python (The Holy Grail)
Look, you granola-munching earth-shoe-wearing liberal FREAK, it has everything to do with California. -- Marc Unangst
Look. I've got ONE JOB on this lousy ship. It's STUPID, but I'M GOING TO DO IT, okay? -- Gwen DeMarco (Galaxy Quest)
Look. We're talking about getting the computer store to sell Sparcs. Whether they can emulate your calclulator or whatever is pretty irrelevant. -- Joshua Schachter
Look...! A letter with distinct lack of weaseling! No weaseling content! That's so cool! -- Sean Simmons
Looking at these prekies, I can just feel my Kinsey score dropping...
Looks aren't important; it's what kind of hair you have inside that counts.
Looks like dog doo. Smells like dog doo. Tastes like dog doo. Good thing I didn't step in it.
looks like i can't make it. i'll be in one of the eVENTfUl meetings of the soRt that wE CAn't say much sPecIfic abouT. everyone be sure to eAt a Lot of sushi and wish me luck.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to give up sniffing glue. -- Airplane
Looks like the guy in my prison-rape fantasy. -- Marilyn Manson
Loose talk is noose talk. -- Brazil
Loosely translated, "We should do this again" means "You will NEVER see me naked". -- Friends
LORD BALFOUR'S CONTENTION: Nothing matters very much, and very few things matter at all.
Lord give me patience... But Hurry!
Lord, deliver me from the man who never makes a mistake, and also the man who makes the same mistake twice. -- Dr. William J. Mayo
Lord, deliver us from these fruitloops, for they neither snap nor crackle nor pop. -- Esther Filderman
Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. Amen.
Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change those I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those I had to kill.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. -- Michelangelo
Lord, please let me find a one-armed economist so we won't always hear "on the other hand..."
Lord, what fools these mortals be -- Robin Goodfellow
Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change; where we are right, make us easy to live with. -- Peter Marshall
Lore: Takes a licking and keeps on twitching.
Lorena Bobbitt has been charged with malicious wounding and one count of littering. -- Kevin Nealon
Lorena Bobbitt hoped she wouldn't get a hung jury.
Lorenz's Law of Mechanical Repair: After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch.
Los Angeles's full name is El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.
Lose as if you like it; win as if you were used to it. -- Tommy Hitchcock
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future. -- Denis Waitley
Losing a wife can be hard. In my case, it was almost IMPOSSIBLE!
Losing is more easily tolerated if a team has some really bitchin' uniforms. -- John Dobbin
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying ``BOOGA, BOOGA!''
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying BOOGA, BOOGA
Losing: If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style. -- www.despair.com
Lost World didn't make enough sense to be insulting, and even at the moments when you know Speilberg was sitting in the cutting room saying "geeze, that really sucks.. I can't show that to a paying audience.. Well.. Maybe with music.." you don't really feel slapped the way, say, in congo you do when Tim Curry is doing the worst impression of a gay Romanian treasure hunter in, well, ever. -- Robert Rodgers
Lost: small apricot poodle. Reward. Neutered. Like one of the family.
Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. -- Ken Hubbard
Lots of geeks. No one wears ties. It's hot. We have the San Andreas fault; they have the intifada. It could be home. -- Economist on why Israel's high tech area is just like California
Lots of Mozilla architecture begins with a premise that is hard to put in context. As if every problem sounds like: if you take every faculty member from every college in the U.S. and lay them end to end, how many engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? -- David McCusker
LOTUS - Let Only The Users Suffer
Louder Tunes == Better Code -- Todd Hodes
Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. -- Casablanca
Louis Pasteur's theory of germs is ridiculous fiction. -- Physiology Professor Pierre Pachet (Toulouse, 1872)
Lousy sex is nothing compared to a good base Ogg. -- Mojo Riser
Love all, trust a few. Do wrong to none. -- William Shakespeare
Love America - or give it back.
Love and Genius are two of the most over-used words in the language. -- Hank Chinaski (Hollywood)
Love and Human Remains is best described as a "family values bonanza": You've got male homosexual sex and female homosexual sex and heterosexual men experimenting with homosexual men and heterosexual women experimenting with homosexual women and, to provide diversity, a telepath and a serial killer. -- Mr. Cranky
Love and marriage may go together like a horse and carriage, but when was the last time you saw one of those?
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love and stoplights can be cruel. -- Sesame Street
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.
Love comes for you, and you follow.
Love comes in spurts!
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
Love cures people. Both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. -- Karl Henninger
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward in the same direction. -- Antoine De Saint-Exupery
Love doesn't make people into fools. But it might expose them. -- Sutherland Bryon
Love has been defined as the harmony of two souls and the contact of two epidermes. -- Alex Comfort (The New Joy of Sex)
Love is a four letter word.
Love is a hole in the heart.
Love is a matter of chemistry. Sex is a matter of physics.
Love is a paradox. He loves me, he loves me not. -- Anne Clark
Love is a power too strong to be overcome by anything but flight. -- Cervantes
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come. -- Matt Groening
Love is a word made up of two vowels, two consonants and two fools.
Love is an exploding cigar we willingly smoke. -- Lynda Barry
Love is an ideal and marriage a reality. Confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Love is blind but life is just too freaked out to see straight.
Love is blind but like is just too freaked out to see straight.
Love is blind but marriage restores sight.
Love is clockworks and cold steel... -- U2 (Achtung Baby)
Love is deep. Sex only has to go a few inches.
Love is foolish ... but I still might try it someday. -- Floyd (age 9)
Love is for fools wise enough to take a chance.
Love is grand. Divorce is fifty grand.
Love is grand. Divorce is twenty grand.
Love is hard work. And sometimes hard work can really hurt. It's easy to love something when you don't have to work hard at it. It's harder when it asks something of you. Are you afraid to give? Give it anyway. The heart is the most resilient muscle. Just do it. -- Nike ad
Love is in the offing, said the homicidal maniac.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Love is in the offing.
Love is like a flower.... Don't step on it! -- Marv (age 8)
Love is like a snowmobile flying over the frozen tundra that suddenly flips, pinning you underneath. At night the ice weasles come. -- Matt Groening
Love is like a vacation. When it takes hold, you don't have to be told.
Love is like the sun: when it's there, you just want to wallow in its glow, and when it's gone, you just want to sleep and drink hot chocolate. -- Allyson Jones
Love is not blind. It sees more, not less. But before it sees more, it chooses to see less.
Love is one part desire, one part trust and one part pheromone.
Love is random; fear is inevitable. -- Orson Scott Card (Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus)
Love is sentimental measles.
Love is the answer, but while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions. -- Woody Allen
Love is the blackest of all plagues - if one could die of it, there would be some pleasure in love. But you don't even die of it! -- Ingmar Bergman (The Seventh Seal)
Love is the eye in the hurricane of life.
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. -- Robert Frost
Love is the shortest distance between two marriages.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -- H. L. Mencken
Love is what I got. Remember that. -- Sublime
Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good...
Love Letter, n.: A noose paper.
Love letters are the campaign promises of the heart. -- Robert Friedman
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.
Love means never having to say PUT DOWN THAT MEAT CLEAVER.
Love means telling you why you're sorry.
Love of bustle is not industry. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Love one another, but make not a bond of love. Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. -- Kahlil Gibran (The Prophet)
Love the sea? I dote upon it - from the beach.
Love thy neighbor, but don't get caught!
Love thy neighbor. Tune thy piano.
Love with extreme lucidity and barbaric ferocity. -- Mark Leyner
Love your enemies. It'll make 'em crazy.
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Love your enemy, It will drive them nuts.
Love your neighbor as yourself, but choose your neighborhood wisely. -- Louise Beal
Love, n.: A petit-bourgeois prejudice, a defect of capitalism. A psychopathic occupation which wastes money and time. -- Chinese Communist Publication
Love, n.: A temporary insanity, curable by marriage. -- Ambrose Bierce
Love, n.: An itching about the heart that you cannot scratch. -- Gaelic saying
Love, n.: The delusion that one woman differs from another. -- H.L. Mencken
Love, n.: The greatest indoor sport.
Love, n.: The identity of the relativity of the reality of an infinitesimal portion of the absolute totality of the infinite being. -- Hegel
Love, n.: The last word of a telegram.
Love, n.: The warm feeling you get towards someone who meets your neurotic needs.
Love, n.: What happens to a man and a woman who don't know each other. -- William Somerset Maugham
Love, pregnancy, and riding upon a camel cannot be hid.
Love, respect, community, and the dollars too. The whole package. Quong. -- Jerry Maguire
Love, sex, pain, confusion, suffering, you're there crying I feel not a thing. Drilling my way deeper in your head, sinking, draining, drowning, bleeding, dead. -- Alice in Chains
Love, Trust, Hope - the eternal trinity without the eternal price.
Love. That peaceful, easy feeling. Truckin. Bonus sprint. Eating Muselix. Fast money. Hitting the Daily Double. Doing the happy dance.
Love. Winning both showcases. Throwing up in a tuba. Mattress mombo. Climbing the $25,000 pyramid. Hitting the plunger.
Love... is the extremely difficult realization that something other than oneself is real. -- I Murdoch
Love: two minds without a single thought. -- Philip Barry
Lovely girls are terribly insecure. They are convinced that their legs are too thick, and their bottoms are too big, and their bosoms are too small. They are conviced that their nose is the wrong shape, that their ears stick out, and that their eyes are too close together. They need a man who will tell them they are exactly right as they are. They do not believe him, but they need to hear it said. -- Richard J. Needham
Lovemaking is the consolation for living in the body, just as art is the consolation for living in the world. -- Helmut (The God In Flight)
Lover of chocolate in all her wonderful, myriad forms.
Lovers Leap, n.: The distance between two twin beds.
Lovin' you clogged my arteries with your big fat lies, then you bypassed my heart for some other guy.
Loving doesn't make you strong - you'd best be strong before you start. -- David Scharch
Loving humility is marvellously strong, the strongest of all things. There is nothing else like it. -- Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Low bidder, n.: A contractor who is wondering what he left out of his bid.
Low Order Position, n.: The programmer's location in the chain of command
Lower the age of puberty.
Lowery's Law: If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
Loyalty is more important to me than random human life in some cases... There are definitely friends (and relatives) for whom I'd move a body. -- John Dobbin
Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul. -- Mark Twain
Loyalty's my only vice. -- Snake Eyes
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology: There's always one more bug.
Luck doesn't count. Not in movies. -- Richard Goodman
Luck is the residue of design. -- Branch Rickey
Luck: when preparation and opportunity meet. -- Pierre Trudeau
Lucky for me women are very attracted to receding hairlines. "I don't think so." I said women. -- The Opposite Sex
Lucky for you stupidity isn't painful.
Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.
Lucky to know you? Do these people get paid by the inch for the size of your head? -- John Dobbin
Luge strategy? Lie flat and try not to die. -- Tim Steeves
Lugubrious is to hubris as cantankerous is to... -- Paolo Sivilotti
Luke... Luke... Use the MOUSE, Luke... -- Obi Wan Gates
Lumberjacks make good musicians because of their natural logarithms.
Lump lingered, last in line for brains, and the one she got was sort of rotten and insane. -- Presidents of the USA
Lump slipped on a kiss, and tumbled into love. -- Presidents of the USA
Lunatic Asylum, n.: The place where optimism most flourishes.
Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
Lung live tobacco.
Luniversity, n.: A college for crazy people.
lushes. my ass shall remain firml- ..wait.. are we talking about _good_ cider? -- Vince Farquharson
Luxury is a necessity that begins where necessity ends. -- Coco Channel
Lycanthropes do it like animals.
LYNCH'S LAW: When the going gets tough everyone leaves.
Lynch's Law: When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
Lyrics are the deep thoughts of our generation. -- Adam Rifkin
Lysistrata had a good idea.
Mac people actually believe this shit? -- Jessica Marrell
Mac PPC 8600/300. Newer 275/1Meg G3 card. 256 megs 60ns Newer DIMMs. 4 gig Seagate Barracuda. 2 gig Seagate Hawk. Imagine 9 128 Graphics card 1152x860. My porn collection never looked better... -- Tim Byars
Mac screen message: Like, dude, something went wrong.
MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator? Never heard of that.
MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts. -- Winston Churchill
MacDonald's Second Law: Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Machine language programmers do it very fast.
Machine-Independent, adj.: Does not run on any existing machine
Machines are braver than art.
Machines should work. People should think. -- Richard Hamming
Machines should work; people should think.
Machines that say please make me nervous. -- Golden Years
Macho does not prove Mucho.
MACINTOSH = Machine Always Crashes; If Not, The Operating System Hangs.
Macintosh, so easy even Americans can use them. -- Swedish ad
Macintosh: Computer with training wheels you can't remove
MacIntosh:Computer with training wheels you can't remove.
Macrobiotic cats eat brown mice.
Mad, adj.: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence ... -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Mad: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
Madam, n.: Someone for whom the belles toil.
Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child -- if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender. -- W. C. Fields
Made a note in my diary on my way over here. Simply says, bugger! -- Blackadder IV
Made exclusively for the best blobs of protoplasm ever assembled into primates. -- bOING bOING BLAST
Made my bed, now I'm gonna lie in it, if she don't come, sure gonna die in it. -- Tomorrow is Today
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change ready.
Madonna is the true feminist. She exposes the puritanism and suffocating ideology of American feminism, which is stuck in an adolescent whining mode. Madonna has taught young women to be fully female and sexual while still exercising control over their lives. -- Camille Paglia
MAFIA DOS..Ey'What's A Matta You? Wanna Try Again (Y/n)?
Magdalena and I are gonna cross America on two motorcycles. We're gonna be so fucking cool, mirrors and windows will break when we pass by. We'll have our own hardcore theme music that makes us throw our heads back and bite the sky, and women wearing pink foam curlers in passing RVs will desire us and we'll slowly turn to them at seventy-five miles an hour and mouth "hello" back. Bugs may stick to my burgundy lipstick, but I'll just spit them back and they'll look all the prettier for it. Yeah / cooool. Two party bags of drugstore ice on motorcycles. The sun wouldn't dare melt us because it would be a big, huge, major mistake. -- Erika Lopez (Flaming Iguanas - An Illustrated All-Girl Road Novel Thing)
Mages do it with their familiars.
Magic and technology, voodoo dolls and chants, electricity, we're making weird science. -- Oingo Boingo
Magic Johnson threatened to spit in their Gatorade if they lost. -- John Dobbin
Magic users do it with their hands.
Magic users have crystal balls.
Magnet, n.: Something acted upon by magnetism
Magnetism, n.: Something acting upon a magnet.
Magnocartic, adj.: Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts. -- Sniglets (Rich Hall &amp; Friends)
Magnocartic, sniglet: Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
Magpie, n.: A bird whose theivish disposition suggested to someone that it might be taught to talk. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Maier's Law, Corollary 1: The bigger the theory, the better.
Maier's Law, Corollary 2: The experiment may be considered a success if no more than 50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to obtain a correspondence with the theory.
Maier's Law: If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
Main's Law: For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
MAINE: For Sale.
Mainframe, n.: Primary person who just got set up for the blame of the system crash.
Maintainer's Motto: If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
Major airlines say they were defrauded by a caterer. Instead of in-flight meals, he delivered trays of fresh, tasty, edible food.
Major funding for The Great Depression was provided by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. -- heard on PBS
Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly as one man. Minor Premise: One man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds. Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Majority, n.: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
MAKE -n -s MY.OBJ $DAY.C PUNK.ASM
Make a hole with a gun perpendicular. -- They Might Be Giants
Make a little birdhouse in your soul. -- They Might Be Giants
Make a note of the word gobbledy gook. I like it. I want to use it more in conversation. -- Blackadder IV
Make a wish, it might come true.
Make friends with sysops; page them at 3:00 am.
Make Headlines..use a corduroy pillow....
Make input easy to proofread
Make it as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Make it do... Or do without.
Make it idiot proof and someone will build a better idiot.
Make it possible for programmers to write programs in English, and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make it so they have to reboot after every typo. -- Dilbert's manager
Make it so. -- Picard
Make it too tough for the enemy to get in and YOU probably can't get out.
Make it tough enough for the enemy to get in and you won't be able to get out.
Make Kudzu the offical fraternity plant.
Make love, not war. Get married and do both.
Make me an indecent preposition.
Make me an offer. I have a computer to support
Make me breakfast and perhaps I'll consider it. -- Troi
Make me one with everything on it. -- Zen master to hot dog vendor
Make new friends but keep the old ones: one is silver and the other's gold.
Make new friends but keep the old ones;One is silver and the other's gold.
Make sure all variables are initialized before use.
Make sure comments and code agree.
Make sure to eat leftovers before the predator/prey relationship between you and your food reverses itself through a process of accelerated evolution.
Make sure your code "does nothing" gracefully.
Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.
Make that three canings. And a flogging with a sock filled with manure. -- Adam Rifkin
Make this evening a memorable one.
Make three consecutive correct guesses and you will be considered an expert.
Make up a language and ask people for directions, then, when they ask you where you're from, point to the sky.
Make up your melons. -- Encino Man
Make up your mind, decide to walk with me around the lake tonight by my side... -- Toadies
Make your bargain before beginning to plow. -- Arab Proverb
Makes me want to stick my fist through your face. -- Filter
Making fun of born-again christians is like hunting dairy cows with a high powered rifle and scope. -- P.J. O'Rourke
Making Unix run "securely" means forcing it to do unnatural acts. It's like the dancing dog at the circus, but not as funny - especially when it is your files that are being eaten by the dog. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Male menopause is a lot more fun than female menopause. With female menopause you gain weight and get hot flashes. Male menopause, you get to date young girls and drive motorcycles. -- Rita Rudner
Male zebras have white stripes, but female zebras have black stripes.
Malek's Law: Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Mallomars look like breasts, whereas pinwheels have pleats. -- Adam Rifkin
Mama always told me there would be days like these. Of course, Mama has been trading in long-term treasury bonds so she isn't quite as worried as some today. -- Dave Pell
Mama, don't let your babies grow up to be philosophers. -- Willie Nelson
Mammories, as a pair in the moonlight... -- Judy Rosman
Man and wife make one fool.
Man and woman are two locked caskets, of which each contains the key to the other. -- Isak Dinesen
Man by nature wants to know. -- Aristotle
Man cannot discover new oceans until he has courage to lose sight of the shore. -- Chinese Proverb
Man cannot live by words alone, though he is sometimes forced to eat them. -- Adlai E. Stevenson
Man did not weave the web of life; he is merely a strand in it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself. -- Seattle (1854)
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Man first learned to walk upright so he could free his hands for masturbation. -- Lily Tomlin
Man has his will. Woman has her won't!
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it. -- Fred Allen
Man Hater, n.: A girl who makes love with her eyes closed because she can't stand to see a guy having a good time.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. -- Lily Tomlin
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason. -- Oscar Wilde
Man is a social animal who dislikes his fellow beings.
Man is a temporary infestation on a minor planet in an insignificant system located in an average galaxy. -- Douglas Adams
Man is an exception, whatever else he is. If it is not true that a divine being fell, then we can only say that one of the animals went entirely off its head. -- G.K. Chesterton
Man is born to live, not to prepare to live. -- Boris Pasternak
Man is by nature a political animal. -- Aristotle
Man is free at the moment he wishes to be. -- Voltaire
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth. -- Oscar Wilde
Man is nature's brightest jewel. Isn't that great?
Man is only man at the surface. Remove his skin, dissect, and immediately you come to machinery. -- Paul Valery
Man is only truly great when he acts from the passions. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor. -- Wernher von Braun
Man is the measure of all things. -- Protagoras
Man is the only animal that blushes, or needs to. -- Mark Twain
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them. -- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)
Man kills for food. Sometimes for beverage. -- Woody Allen
Man looks into the abyss, and sees himself.
Man makes the money, money never makes the man. -- LL Cool J
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it is an enemy. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired. -- Mark Twain
Man who bites bread or eats peas with knife is lost creature.
Man who builds house of rock gets stone --- walled.
Man who eats too many prunes, sits on toilet, many moons
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man who has tool in box is not necessarily carpenter. -- Confucius
Man who says, `It cannot be done', should not interrupt WOMAN who is doing it. -- Chinese proverb
Man will never fly. Space travel is merely a dream. All aspirin is alike.
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue. -- Winston Churchill
Man will survive into eternity. He's too stupid to know when he's beaten.
Man, honest. Will take anything.
Man, I'm tired of being right. -- Ace Ventura
Man, I've been out of pittsburgh so long, I forgot that the weather was dithered there. -- Dmitri Schoeman
Man, if you gotta ask, you'll never know. -- Louis Armstrong
Man, it's really dark in here. Somebody should light a witch. -- Hugh Moore
Man, oh man, we're two tubby mothers ain't we? -- David Letterman
Man, Reilly... You got more girls than Vanilla Ice! I have been laughing about that remark since yesterday. VANILLA ICE??? -- Megan Coughlin
man, trying to do code control with a mac is like killing yourself. oh, wait, killing yourself would be good. doing code control with a mac is bad. make that "like licking a cat's inner ear canal." -- Jon Slenk
Man, you should hear them squeal; they think the whole world is their exercise wheel. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Man...a creature made at the end of the work week when God was tired. -- Mark Twain
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
Man's mind, stretched to a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
Man's power of conception will sooner be exhausted than nature's power to supply material for conception. -- Blaise Pascal (Pensees, 43)
Manage with bread and butter 'til god brings the jam.
Management's biggest problem is all the unemployed people on the payroll.
Managing Director - the person responsible for making it difficult for other people to do their work.
Mandatory tagline not required for this message.
Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts. -- Plotinus
Mankind is still the most extraordinary computer of all. -- John F. Kennedy
Mankind... grows beyond its work, walks up the stairs of its concepts, emerges ahead of its accomplishments. -- John Steinbeck
Manly's Maxim: Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Manual Writer's Creed: Garbage in, gospel out.
Manual, n.: A unit of documentation. There are always three or more on a given item. One is on the shelf; someone has the others. The information you need in in the others. -- Ray Simard
Manuscript: Something submitted in haste and returned at leisure. -- Oliver Herford
Many a false step is made by standing still.
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Many a live wire would be a dead one if it were not for its connections.
Many a man fails to become a thinker only because his memory is too good. -- Nietzsche
Many a man gets to the top of the ladder, only to find it's leaning against the wrong wall.
Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success. -- Jim Backus
Many a man's tongue broke his nose. -- Seumas MacManus
Many a yo-yo think he have the world on a string.
Many are called, few are chosen. Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many are saved from sin by being so inept at it. -- Mignon McLaughlin
Many Bothans died to bring us this information. -- Ryan Meader (Mac OS Rumors)
Many businessmen fail to understand Python principles-- the ultimate absurdity was an offer from America to buy the "format" of the Python shows, that is, "Monty Python" without the Pythons-- corporate methods do not have the conceptual framework to deal with an anarchist collective, run by intelligent and arrogant comedians who have proved that their method works. -- Robert Hewison
Many candles can be kindled from one candle without diminishing it. -- the Midrash
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Many hands make light work. -- John Heywood
Many men die at twenty-five and aren't buried until they are seventy-five. -- Benjamin Franklin
Many more people have been to Paris than I have.
Many of the biggest, most exciting things in your life will happen because you made a bold and irrational decision. -- Patrick Combs
Many of the New York venture people come from an investment banking background. They're looking more at the decimals. The VCs in California are counting the commas. -- Josh Leibowitz
Many of the requirements of graduate education ...are dragons. Dragons have no purpose except to be slain; that is, they are tests of motivation to prove how difficult it is to get knighthood (or the valuable doctorate) and, therefore, how valuable those people must be who already have it (the faculty). -- Mills (1953)
Many of us spend our lives searching for success when it is usually so close that we can reach out and touch it. -- Russell H. conwell
Many pages make a crowded castle.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket bibles on very thin paper.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
Many people have played themselves to death. Many people have eaten and drunk themselves to death. Nobody ever thought himself to death. -- Gilbert Highet
Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do. -- Bertrand Russell
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. -- Syrus
Many self-made men made their heads oversize.
Many things are worth dying for, but none worth killing for. -- Albert Camus
Many views yield the truth.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ... -- Walt Kelly
March isn't the only thing that's in like a lion, out like a lamb.
Marching to a different kettle of fish.
Marcus Aurelius had a son who turned out to be a bad boy.
Mares eat oats and does eat oats and little lambs eat ivy; a kid'll eat ivy too, wouldn't you?
Marge, beer me! Don't toy with me, woman. -- Homer Simpson
Marge, I'm going to miss you so much. And it's not just the sex. It's also the food preparation. -- Homer Simpson
Marge, it takes two to lie: one to lie and one to listen. -- Homer Simpson
Marge, Marge...the doll's trying to kill me and the toaster's been laughing at me. -- Homer Simpson
Maria Montessori taut me to rite at age too.
Marijuana is nature's way of saying high.
marilyn manson action figures, now with controlable satanism. -- Steve Archer
Marilyn Monroe was a vacuum with nipples.
Marines are like bananas... they're born green, they turn yellow, and they die in bunches.
Maris and I have taken to giving each other gag gifts. I gave her a cookbook. -- Frasier
Mark Rein-Hagen has written 6 combat systems. You'd think he'd get it right sometime. -- unknown EveCon attendee
Mark's Dental-Chair Discovery: Dentists are incapable of asking questions that require a simple yes or no answer.
Marketing can pick the quarter, but Development gets to pick the year.
Marketing is defined as the aggregate of functions involved in transferring title and moving goods from producer to consumer. Its four components are Price, Product, Place and Promotion. A good marketer can insert fertilizer into each of these four components.
Marketing is the creation of long-term demand, while sales is the execution of marketing strategies. Marketing is buying the land, choosing what crop to grow, planting the crop, fertilizing it, and then deciding when to harvest. Sales is harvesting the crop. -- Robert X. Cringely
Marketing presentation at a technical conference: VIRTUAL INFORMATION
MARKS' LAW: A fool and your money are soon partners.
Marriage doesn't sit too well with me. I like the part about having a husband, it's being a wife I can't stand. -- Cybil Shepard
Marriage is a disease which paralyzes women below the waist.
Marriage is a fine institution, if you don't mind living in an institution.
Marriage is a good way to spend the winter. -- Trouble with Harry
Marriage is a lottery, but you can't tear up your ticket if you lose. -- F.M. Knowles
Marriage is a matter of give and take, but so far I haven't been able to find anybody who'll take what I have to give. -- Cass Daley
Marriage is a mutual relationship if both parties know when to be mute.
Marriage is a rest period between romances.
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
Marriage is a three-ring circus. Engagement ring. Wedding ring. Pleasuring. -- Adam Rifkin
Marriage is a trip between Niagara Falls and Reno.
Marriage is bliss. Ignorance is bliss. Ergo...
Marriage is fine, but when you mix your Lego collections, you're really serious. -- stefang@isy.liu.se
Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway. -- Joey Adams
Marriage is like a bank account. You put it in, you take it out, you lose interest. -- Irwin Corey
Marriage is like a bath. By the time you get used to it, it's not so hot.
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
Marriage is like a violin. After the music is over, you still have the strings.
Marriage is like pi: natural, irrational, and very important. -- Lisa Hoffman
Marriage is not a word but a sentence.
Marriage is not merely sharing the fettucine, but sharing the burden of finding the fettucine restaurant in the first place. -- Calvin Trillin
Marriage is one of the chief causes of divorce.
Marriage is punishment for shoplifting in some countries. -- Wayne's World
Marriage is the high sea for which no compass has yet been invented.
Marriage is the leading cause of divorce.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly. -- Voltaire
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Marriage is when a man and woman become as one; the trouble starts when they try to decide which one.
Marriage isn't a word, it's a sentence.
Marriage isn't an insurmountable obstacle. -- John Dobbin
Marriage isn't baseball. It's not a game. It's real. And there's less spitting. -- The Opposite Sex
Marriage means commitment. Of course, so does insanity.
Marriage, n.: The evil aye.
Marriage, n: A ceremony in which rings are put on the finger of the lady and through the nose of the gentleman. -- Herbert Spencer
Marriage, n: A feast where the grace is sometimes better than the dinner. -- Charles Caleb Colton
Marriage, n: A friendship recognized by the police. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
Marriage, n: A lottery, licensed by the state and supported by the clergy.
Marriage, n: A souvenir of love. -- Helen Rowland
Marriage, n: The end of man. -- Balzac
Marriage, n: The state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making, in all, two. -- Ambrose Bierce
Marriage... Sorry, I can't mate in captivity.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Marriages are made in heaven. But then again, so are thunder and lightning.
Marriages don't break up on account of infidelity. It's just a symptom that something else is wrong. -- When Harry Met Sally
Marriages may be made in heaven, but most of the details are worked out on earth.
Married men have significant gains over single men in life expectancy, health, and general happiness. For women, it's exactly the opposite. And yet, women still want to get married. Who says romance is dead? -- Megan Coughlin
Married men live longer than single men, but are more willing to die.
Married. [fold.] -- When Harry Met Sally
Marry not a tennis player. For love means nothing to them.
Marry your mistress, create a job vacancy.
Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where there are more women than men, it pays to recycle. -- Rita Rudner
Mars needs women. Venus needs a swift kick. -- Vince Farquharson
Marshall McLuhan is print-oriented.
Marshmallow is easy to remember (or marshmellow as you spelled it)! In elementary school, there was a girl that used to call me that as my nickname. I'm not exactly sure why! -- Michelle Gardner
Marshmallows don't kill people. Fascist regimes kill people. -- R.M. Weiner
Marsupials and marzipan made me what I am. -- Adam Rifkin
Marta likes to talk about sensuality, but I don't think she would know sensuality if it bit her on the ass. -- Jack Handey
Martial Artists do it with technique.
Martians are little pink men, I'm a large pink man. Therefore, I'm not a martian by definition. -- John Dobbin
Martin's tendency to visualize is not a toy. -- Chris Hanson
Martyrdom is the only way a person can become famous without ability. -- George Bernard Shaw
Marv strutted into the Ritz with a twinkle in his eye and a gleam in his incisors. -- Top 5
Marx is dead. Lenin is dead. And I don't feel so good either. -- graffiti in Budapest
Mary had a little lamb, a little beef, a little ham.
Mary had a little lamb, her father shot it dead. So now it goes to school with her between two hunks of bread.
Mary had a little lamb, she tied it to a pylon; 5000 volts shot up its butt, and turned its fleese to nylon.
Mary had a little lamb, the doctor was surprised; but when Old MacDonald had a farm, the doctor nearly died.
Mary had a little lamb, the doctors were astounded; everywhere that Mary went, gynecologists surrounded.
Mary had a little lamb. The doctor was surprised.
Mary had a little lamb; she also had a bear. I often saw her little lamb, but never saw her bare.
Mary had a little RAM -- only about a MEG or so.
Mary had a little.
Mary paused for a moment during her coffee break... True, she had never travelled the world, she had never found true love nor had she made her fortune... but she HAD once had sex with fifteen sailors and to Mary that counted for a lot...
Maryann's Law: You can always find what you're not looking for.
Marylin Monroe Doctrine: Don't screw with a President, otherwise you will die.
Masochists: you're only hurting yourselves.
Mass times momentum? What the *hell* is that? -- Dr. Engler
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
Master of all I survey (at the moment, empty pizza boxes)
Master of images, songs shine a light on you.
Master Yoda, I can't pick up my peas! -- Use the fork luke!...It will be with you....always.
Mastur... Lap-based web browsing. Gettin' some air nookie. Wrangling the invertebrate serpent. Tango Con Mano. Shaking your fist at the ex-girlfriend. Releasing the hostages. Carnal Tunnel Syndrome. Tickling your Elmo. Beta-testing the hardware. Evicting the testicular squatters. -- Top 5
Mastur... Manually Increasing the Surface Temperature of the Ship's Primary Cannon by Repeated Linear Manipulation. -- Top 5
Mastur... you know. Making the Cream Rise to the Top. Just Add Water, Make Your Own Sauce. Doing a Load by Hand. Getting the Upper Hand. Pulling the Porpoise. Riding the One Handed Bicycle. Taking a Solo on the Skin Flute. Cramming for Finals. Hitting the Jizm Trail. Firing a Protein Torpedo.
Mastur... you know. Saluting the Bishop. Slammin' the Ham. Jerkin' the Gherkin. Pecking at Jimmy. Doing the Peter Beater. Stroking the Sausage. Squeezing the Lizard. Bopping the Baloney. Wringing the Weasel.
Mastur... you know. Shaking Hands with the Unemployed. Making a Date with Rosie Redpalm and her Five Sisters. Going out with Felicia Five Fingers. Sharing a Moment with Yourself. Making a ChoadLoad. Polishing the Baton. Churning the Butter. Choking the Chicken.
Mastur... you know. Slip Sliding Away. Marching to the Beat of a Different Drummer. Aiming for the Stars. Milking It for all It's Worth. Stroking the Pony. Taking a Shot in the Dark. Gland Handling. I Wanna Hold My Gland. Going for the Gold. Taming the Trouser Shrew. Wrestling Willie.
Mastur... you know. Squeezing off a Round. Playing SlopScotch. Charming the Trouser Snake. Making a Mess of Things. Answering the Bone-a-Phone. Adjusting the Vertical Hold. Getting a Grip on Things. Doing the Five-Knuckle Shuffle. Palming the Top Card. Purging the System. Playing Solitaire.
Mastur... you know. Stirring with the Skin Ladle. Waxing the Dolphin. Making the Puppet Spit. Giving Yourself a Hand. Making the Sound of One Hand Clapping. Priming the Pump. Whipping Yourself into a Frenzy. Pulling the Pud. Doing One-Handed Pull Ups. Wringing Out the Old. Making Soup for One. Getting a Handle on the Situation.
Mastur... you know. Teasing the Wonder Worm. Polishing the Purple-Helmeted Love Warrior. Lettin' Ol' Sniffer out for a Run. Making the Swelling Go Down. Pleasing the Throbber. Heading Yourself Off at the Pass. Bringing it on Home. Cramping Your Style.
Masturbation is nothing to be ashamed of. It's nothing to be particularly proud of, either. -- Matt Groening (Basic Sex Facts For Today's Youngfolk, "Life In Hell")
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it
Maternity Dressmaker, n.: A mother frocker.
Maternity is a matter of fact; paternity is a matter of opinion.
Maternity is another word for eternity.
Math is like love: A simple idea but it can get complicated. -- R. Drabek
Math is the language God used to write the universe.
Math majors do it discretely and continuously.
Math majors do it with accuracy.
Math was always my bad subject. I couldn't convince my teachers that many of my answers were meant ironically. -- Calvin Trillin
Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language, and forthwith it is something entirely different. -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Mathematicians are the least expensive researchers to support. All they need are pencils, paper, and a wastebasket. And when they turn philosopher, they don't even need the wastebasket!
Mathematicians do it in groups, rings and fields.
Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
Mathematicians usually present the weirdest case first. -- Joel Franklin
Mathematicians work it out with a pencil.
Mathematicians, please don't drink and derive.
Mathematics has given economics rigor, but alas, also mortis. -- Robert Heilbroner
Mathematics in general is fundamentally the science of self-evident things. -- F. Klein
Mathematics is a logical method ... Mathematical propositions express no thoughts. In life it is never a mathematical proposition which we need, but we use mathematical propositions only in order to infer from propositions which do not belong to mathematics to others which equally do not belong to mathematics. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
Mathematics is the language God used to write the universe.
Mathematics: That branch of human thought that takes a finite set of trivial axioms and maps them to a countably infinite set of unintuitive theorems.
MATILDA'S SUB-COMMITTEE LAW: If you leave the room, you're elected.
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.
Mattel has purchased Tyco Toys for $755 million. Hasbro refused to merge with Mattel earlier this year. Of course, in todays climate they don't want GI Joe anywhere NEAR Barbie.
Mattel is coming out with a talking Barbie. They say it was easy to get Barbie to talk. The problem was getting Ken to listen.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Mature software: code old enough that for every bug fixed, one or more new bugs are created. -- Karl Lehenbauer
Maturity is knowing when and where to be immature.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence. -- Jules Feiffer
Matz's Maxim: A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
Matz's Rule Regarding Medications: A drug is that substance which, when injected into a rat, will produce a scientific report.
Maui no ka oi! -- Paul Sivilotti
Mav is in his 3rd hour of conciousness and his 3543546709565245713987431th hour of confusion. -- Matt Egan
Max and Bill went up the hill, to fetch some paint for Ratha, Max made the trip, 'cause he is whipped, and Bill got lost in the Southside.
Max, as a unary function, isn't very interesting.
Maxims are the condensed good sense of nations. -- Sir James Mackintosh (1765-1832)
May a 20 foot Boa Constrictor give you a passionate hug.
May a burly person take exception to the way your face is arranged.
May a crazed yak fall in love with your sister.
May a cricket take up residence in your doctor's stethoscope just before your annual checkup.
May a diseased elephant sit on your face.
May a diseased yak become your houseguest for a month.
May a flight of Canada geese hover above you.
May a fungus devour your IRS refund check.
May a great white shark use you for a teething ring.
May a herd of diseased wildebeest stampede through your bedroom.
May a king cobra make a nest in your bed.
May a live electric eel take up residence in your underwear.
May a lovestruck mule follow you constantly.
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts
May a nest of killer scorpions take residence in your shoe closet.
May a neurotic Swedish mountain climber surgically remove your left leg using a blunt pot of low fat lemon yogurt.
May a pregnant elephant choose your living room for the delivery.
May a rabid hyena follow you constantly.
May a rabid vampire bat give you a neck hickey.
May a rabid wolf inhabit your closet.
May a skunk take up residence in your sock drawer.
May a small rodent find his way into your jodhpurs.
May a weird holy man move in with you.
May a weird holy man put a curse on you.
May all of your successes be failures in disguise, and all of your failures be catastrophic.
May all your boils, sores, scabs, scurfs, and carbuncles be little ones.
May all your debtors pay off your partner in cash while you're out of the city.
May all your dreams come true, and may you have only nightmares.
May all your pains be small enough so there's room for them all.
May all your pushes be popped.
May all your relatives decide to visit un-announced simultaneously.
May all your teeth save one fall out. And may you have a toothache in that one.
May all your troubles increase exponentially.
May Allah protect me from my friends; my enemies I can handle.
May an abnormal person talk you into joining a religious sect that eats ping pong paddles
May an insincere glassblower give you mouth to mouth resuscitation.
May an overzealous siding salesman scotchtape 5000 woodpeckers to your house.
May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!
May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual
May famous specialists come to you from all over the world, to learn about sickness.
May fire ants nest in your garden.
May God answer all your prayers -- then mistake your worst enemy for you.
May God give you a long life of a hundred and twenty and not one day without pain, sorrow, and suffering.
May Godzilla get heartburn while standing in your backyard.
May gold be discovered on your land the day before you find out that the land isn't really yours.
May gold, jewels, and silver never mean a thing to you.
May memory restore again and again the smallest color of the smallest day; time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn. -- Delmore Schwartz
May mice nest in your silverware drawer.
May misfortune never befall you, God forbid, except when you sneeze.
May peace and plenty be the first to lift the latch on your door, and happiness be guided to your home by the Candle of Christmas. -- Irish Toast
May Rothschild make you his heir, then outlive you.
May the angel of death skip your house altogether -- and send Satan instead.
May the angels that guard your bed take bribes from the devil.
May the best loser win. -- Adam Rifkin
May the bird of paradise fly up your nose.
May the bird of paradise peck a hole in your eardrum.
May the bluebird of happiness crap all over your birthday cake.
May the bluebird of happiness crap all over your wedding cake.
May the egg you ate tonight rouse you bright and early tomorrow.
May the Farce be with you
May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your pubic hair.
May the force be with you. -- Luke Skywalker
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. -- George Carlin
May the ghost of lasagna be with you.
May the gods smile upon you... and snicker.
May the milkman of human kindness leave you an extra pint.
May the Porsche be with you.
May the saddest days of your future be better than the happiest days of your past.
May the secondhand-clothes dealer marvel at the good condition of your wardrobe.
May the sun and the spring breeze warm and caress you like an apple as you hang from a tree.
May the wart on the face of humanity never be burnt from your flesh.
May the wolves never eat you because you're so tough and stringy.
May there be a curse upon your ignorance that keeps the youth from the truth that they deserve.
May they find thousands of new cures for you each year.
May they name something new after you: a disease.
May those that love us, love us; and those that don't love us, May God turn their hearts; and if He doesn't turn their hearts, may He turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping. -- Old Irish Toast
May we suggest, "Mission to Utah With Red Lens Filters" as an alternative title? -- Robert Rodgers
May you afford only the finest gruel.
May you always have more than your enemies: a seven-year itch lasting fourteen years, a twenty-four-hour catarrh lasting six weeks, a bigger hernia, a fatter goiter.
May you always have someone to share your bed and board: mice, lice, rats, gnats, bedbugs, and fleas.
May you and your partner be as close as brothers -- Cain and Abel
May you and your wife share with each other like a horse and a sparrow.
May you back into a pitchfork and grab a hot stove for support.
May you be blessed with a wife so healthy and strong, she can pull the plow when your horse drops dead.
May you be French-kissed by a leprous aardvark.
May you be fruitful and multiply so that your generations are as plentiful as the stars in the sky, and may you have to house, feed, and clothe them all.
May you be held hostage for the release of the unknown soldier's grandmother.
May you be in Heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead. -- Old Irish Proverb
May you be invited to a banquet by the governor-general and belch in his face.
May you be known for you hospitality to God's creatures: lice, rats, bedbugs, fleas, worms, maggots.
May you be rich enough to afford only the best: a diamond truss, jeweled crutches, crystal eyes, and gold teeth.
May you be so endowed no one envies you.
May you be spared the indignities and infirmities of old age.
May you be strong enough to endure prison without getting sick, God forbid.
May you be such a fast healer, new boils keep growing over you scabs.
May you be twins, so that all your pains, troubles, and worries are double.
May you become the greatest expert on drought, locust, pip, and anthrax.
May you croak one day before your worst enemy.
May you die in bed at 105, shot by a jealous spouse.
May you die of a curable disease.
May you enjoy your wedding feast, then choke on the last bite.
May you fall off the Sears tower the day before man learns how to fly.
May you find out that your lover is having a sex change operation.
May you fool your enemies and beat them to Paradise.
May you forget your best friends name as you deliver his eulogy.
May you get a love letter from the Ayatollah Khomeini.
May you get herpes the week before a preventative vaccine is announced.
May you get mouth to mouth resuscitation from a paramedic with trench mouth.
May you get the winning lottery ticket and a hole in your pocket.
May you get to see all Russia at the Tsar's expense.
May you grow so healthy, husky, and fat the worms take eighteen years to pick you clean.
May you grow so rich you never have to eat, drink, piss, crap, wash, or walk by yourself, God forbid.
May you grow so rich your widow's second husband never has to worry about a living, God forbid.
May you have a dozen daughters, each uglier than sin, and not one penny in dowry.
May you have devoted children to chase the flies off your nose.
May you have eyes like a hawk and a spouse with warts.
May you have nightmares each night and may you awaken each time to find yourself in another nightmare.
May you have the nicest neighbors in all Siberia.
May you have warm words on a cold evening, A full moon on a dark night, And the road downhill all the way to your door. -- An Irish Wish
May you have warm words on a cold evening, a full mooon on a dark night, and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May you inherit a barrel of wine and a bladder without a hole.
May you invent the perfect mousetrap the day after the mouse becomes extinct.
May you know enough about courts, judges, bailiffs, and bail bondsmen to be a lawyer.
May you learn the secret of life in every dream, then forget it each time you awaken.
May you learn to perform miracles: earn a living and marry off your daughters.
May you live all the days of your life. -- Jonathan Swift
May you live forever with a beautiful wife, a rose garden, and music, and have the eyes, nose, and ears of a stone.
May you live in interesting times. -- traditional Chinese curse
May you live in uninteresting times. (Chinese proverb)
May you lose all your teeth -- but one should remain for a toothache.
May you lose everything, so that no enemy can cast an evil eye upon you.
May you make a poor man richer: your doctor.
May you make a widow and orphans happy -- your own.
May you marry the best cook in the world and get ulcers.
May you never be hated by Tonya Harding and never be loved by Lorena Bobbitt. -- James Traficant (D-OH)
May you never be sat upon by an elephant.
May you never be spat upon by a herd of camels.
May you never develop rheumatism, so you can scratch away till you're ninety.
May you never develop stomach trouble from too rich a diet.
May you never feel pain, itch, burn, heat, cold, sting, prick.
May you never have healthy mice in the house.
May you never have to visit such a filthy place as the outhouse.
May you never hear a word of gossip, slander, profanity, or blasphemy.
May you never know peace.
May you never see an old-age home, God forbid.
May you outlive everyone but your mother-in-law.
May you take a long airline flight and be seated next to someone who sells both insurance AND real estate.
May you take up a career in bomb disposal and earn the nickname 'Clumsy'.
May you travel the world over just one step ahead of the police.
May you wake up in the morning next to a dead orangutan.
May your blind date insist on wearing a ski mask.
May your bollocks turn cubical and fester at the corners.
May your brother become a gay porno film actor.
May your brother take up go-go dancing at a gay bar.
May your children be so famous every policeman knows them.
May your children grow tall, strong, straight, and hardy like the weeds in the Garden of Eden.
May your clock run slow, your heart fast, your bile over, your wife away, your nose always.
May your daughters be like the flowers in the field -- wither away and fade.
May your daughters grow up such gems, their presence in your house illuminates your old age.
May your daughters marry men of substance: gypsies with two bears.
May your daughters' beauty be admired by everyone in the circus.
May your daughters' hair grow thick, black, and abundant -- all over their faces.
May your ears never move to the top of your head.
May your enemies get cramps in their legs when they dance on your grave.
May your favourite sports team take permanent residence in the cellar.
May your fondest wish be granted. -- traditional Chinese curse
May your fortune grow so, you can afford only the finest specialist.
May your head fall off at an awkward moment. -- Blackadder
May your joys be as deep as the ocean, and your troubles as light as its foam.
May your karma never stall while you are on the highway of life.
May your left nostril never turn inside out when you are sleeping.
May your liver never be mangled by a wild hippopotamus.
May your lover insist on separate tables at a fancy restaurant.
May your lucky rabbit's foot be attached to an 800 lb. rabbit.
May your mother-in-law treat you like her own child and move in with you.
May your mouth never close and your arse never open.
May your name be always associated with charity -- as you rot away in the poorhouse.
May your name be so famous that every bailiff, bill collector, constable, and police inspector knows it.
May your neighbour get a 30 foot Anaconda for a pet.
May your only son be the goalie on a nudist hockey team.
May your path be long, narrow, winding and dangerous, and leading to a most amazing view. -- Edward Abbey (Desert Solitaire)
May your phone number be mistakenly listed in the directory as that of the all-night we-deliver liquor store.
May your possessions never tempt another to steal.
May your priest offer to sell you a tape recording of your last confession.
May your sister fall hopelessly in love with another woman.
May your son grow up to be a famous doctor, and may you be his only case.
May your sons turn out so smart they're promoted to corporal.
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.
Maybe 1 percent. The one percent shall hereby be named 'angst'. As in, 'I met a really nice piece of angst today'.
Maybe 'nerd' is a bad name for them, as I know plenty of 'nerds' who are cool. Perhaps 'asshole' is more appropriate. -- bwe9961@tamsun.tamu.edu
Maybe afraid of it. Let's discredit it. Let's pick away at it. I want to watch it come down. -- Nine Inch Nails
Maybe all I need is a new metaphor for reality. -- Queensryche
Maybe being taken totally sedates a guy. It's like there's no longer a reason to wear the uniform because the race is *over*. -- Adam Rifkin
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology. -- R.S. Barton
Maybe he's wise. He don't look wise. -- Hudsucker Proxy
Maybe I don't really want to know how your garden grows, 'cause I just want to fly. -- Oasis
Maybe I don't want to sit around for the rest of my life explaining stuff to people that is painfully obvious to me. -- Good Will Hunting
Maybe I fed the cat. Maybe I didn't. -- overheard at the Schroedinger household
Maybe I should have screwed up. -- Ken Thompson
Maybe I should sell the details of my secret sex position for ejaculation control: I stay in LA while my girlfriend lives in San Jose. -- John Thornley
Maybe I'll buy the Smithsonian and show them how to really do a Holocaust exhibit. -- Richard Goodman
Maybe I'll give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? -- Ace Ventura
Maybe I'll make a Mary Poppins movie and shove the umbrella up my ass. -- Marilyn Chambers
Maybe I'll newgroup soc.feminism.bitches and see what happens. -- Geoff Spear
Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Maybe I'm obscure. My Faulken's Maze contains Fredkin Gates.
Maybe if you were a few years older, or I was a few years younger, or we lived in biblical times... -- Friends
Maybe in order to understand mankind we have to look at that word itself. MANKIND. Basically, it's made up of two separate words "mank" and "ind." What do these words mean? It's a mystery and that's why so is mankind. -- Jack Handey
Maybe it was the snake drills. Maybe that's what got to them. From time to time, it seemed right to throw a length of hose into the river, yell 'Snake!', and everyone open up with shotguns, Magnums, semi-automatic weapons, whatever was handy on the boats. Apart from being fun, it established that the Gunkhole was heavily armed and crazy, which was all to the good. You wound up being able to leave your tools out on the deck and go for a beer and come back, and nobody had messed with your stuff. -- Joel Garreau (The Nine Nations of North America)
Maybe Jesus was right when he said the meek shall inherit the earth - but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three. -- Robert A. Heinlein
Maybe love shouldn't be such hard work. Let's not tell each other our sad stories. -- Jerry Maguire
Maybe men are the enemy, but I still love the enemy. -- Jerry Maguire
Maybe since you're full of static electricity, you should say, "It is useless to be a resistor." -- Scott Adams
Maybe some people think verbing fantastics language. -- Adam Rifkin
Maybe Superman's sperm, but I have a pocket full of kryptonite. -- Adam Rifkin
Maybe that's why they started keeping score like that. Point. Make it 15, let's just get this over with. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Maybe the C shell could use a nohistclobber option? -- Matthew Wiener
Maybe this weekend. (And maybe your place of business will be buzzed by the Air Force's 51st Tactical Pork Wing. I say again: kill me.) -- Dan Martinez
Maybe this world is another planet's hell. -- Aldous Huxley
Maybe we can get together and eat caramels. When you think about it, it's as arbitrary as drinking coffee. -- Good Will Hunting
Maybe we could have a separate mailing list for discussing how the different members of unhinged look in Martin's pants? -- Greg Plesur
Maybe we don't feel like wasting bandwidth. Maybe we're too inactive to do anything but read. Maybe we don't like shouting barbaric yawps from the rooftops of the gen-x list. Or maybe we just don't care. -- Adam Rifkin
Maybe we just fix the choreography. Keep the dwarf clear. -- Spinal Tap
Maybe we should just call it ISO9K; that way people will realize it's a problem, just like the Y2K stuff.
Maybe we should try some of these burlap condoms.
Maybe you can help me straighten out my Longfellow. -- Rodney Dangerfield
Maybe you can tell me what posts are inappropriate for the long haul so I can temper my forwarding finger... -- Adam Rifkin
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you certainly can charge it.
Maybe you didn't hear me. I'm a Cath-o-lic priest. Historically, that falls somewhere between chorus boy and florist. -- Father Dan (Jeffrey)
Maybe you should get a cup. -- Butt-head to Beavis
Maybe, but by the same token, chum... the world's got no shortage of windmills to tilt at. -- Logan
Mayo's first observation: The person who creates it is forgotten; The person who fixes it is immortalized.
Mayor Vincent J. `Buddy' Cianci on the ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed: They're just jealous because they don't have three wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
Mayor's Wife: I just wish there was a way I could vote for you a hundred times! Bob Roberts: Well, there is actually...
Mazel ton! Lots of luck.
Mazola corn goodness... -- MST3K
MBA: Morals Be Absent.
McBorg: Over 50 million assimilated
McCabe's Law: Nobody has to do anything. -- Charles McCabe
McDonalds - over 85 billion hamburgers served, but only 6 eaten!
McDonalds - when you don't have time for nutrition.
MCGOWAN'S AXIOM: If a Christmas gift is advertised as under $50, you can bet it's not $19.95.
McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom: If an item is advertised as under $50, you can bet it's not $19.95.
McGyver can teach us many things we don't want to know. Ditto Tarzan.
MCI has given all attendees free phone card service for the week, apparently worldwide. Nice advertising for them, eh? -- Rohit Khare
McKinley shows all the backbone of a chocolate eclair. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Me ke aloha pau ole. May our friendship be everlasting. -- Polynesian toast
Me know gammar. Me cood use it gud.
Me, I've got friends all over the world. I don't know anyone down our street but I've got friends all over the world. -- Tony Hancock
Me? Jealous of an empty headed bombshell with a body that can drop a moose at 50 paces? Ha!
Meader's Law: Whatever happens to you, it will previously have happened to everyone you know, only more so.
Mean, cruel, nasty, paranoid, antisocial... but basically happy.
Meaning of life: <deleted for lack of space>
Meanwhile, those of us who can compute can hardly be expected to keep writing papers saying "I can do the following useless calculation in two seconds," and indeed what editor would publish them? -- Oliver Atkin
Measure with a micrometer. Mark with chalk. Cut with an axe.
mechanical engineers build weapons. civil engineers build targets. -- Wendigo
Medical instruments, Inc. IUD demonstrator Model no. 14B63.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Mediocrity thrives on standardization.
Mediocrity: It takes a lot less time, and most people won't notice the difference until it's too late. -- www.despair.com
Meditation is not what you think.
Medusas do it stoned.
Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
Meet Michael Jordan! Win instantly. -- seen on cereal package
Meet the new Boss--same as the old Boss...
Meeting, n.: A place where good ideas go to die.
Meeting, n.: An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or department not represented in the room must solve a problem.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
Meets quality standards, adj.: Compiles without errors.
Megabyte, n.: A nine course dinner.
Megan......Jesus......Well, the shoes are similar...... -- John Dobbin
Mein fuhrer! I can valk! -- Dr. Strangelove
Mel Gibson's new movie Ransom is about a father forced to pay a fortune to ensure a life for his son. The original title was Tuition.
Melrose Place is a really good show. -- Reality Bites
Member, the Society for Creative Anachronism.
Member: International Brotherhood of Tagline Thieves
Memepool is so cool, now we don't have to talk to each other. -- Bruce Sherrod
memo to myself - this probably won't be funny tomorrow. memo from myself - it's not even funny now. -- Greg Plesur
Memo to myself: Do the dumb things I gotta do. Touch the puppet head. -- They Might Be Giants
MEMO TO: George Bush, The Bush-meister FROM: Danny-reno RE: Ross Peru
MEMORY ERROR: Now what?
Memory is a child walking on a seashore. You can never tell what small pebble it will pick up and store away among its treasured things.
Memory is a thing we forget with.
Memory is like an orgasm. It's a lot better if you don't have to fake it. -- Seymore Cray (On virtual memory)
Memory is the cabinet of imagination, the treasury of reason, the registry of conscience, and the council chamber of thought. -- Saint Basil
Memory refresh, n.: e.g., souvenirs, slides, etc.
Memory serves wise commanders. -- Tz'u-hsi (638 AD)
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Memory tempers prosperity, mitigates adversity, controls youth, and delights old age. -- Lactantius (260-340 A.D.)
Men accept compliments much better than women do. Example: "Mitch, you look great." Mitch: "Thanks." On the other side: "Ruth, you look great." Ruth: "I do? Must be the lighting." -- Rita Rudner
Men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted.
Men and women can never be friends, because the sex thing always gets in the way. -- When Harry Met Sally
Men are all alike in their promises. It is only in their deed that they differ. -- Moliere
Men are always whining about how we're suffocating them. Personally, I think if you can hear them whining... you're not pressing hard enough on the pillow.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -- Bertrand Russell
Men are brave enough to go to war, but they are not brave enough to get a bikini wax. -- Rita Rudner
Men are compelled to do such things, compelled to punish themselves, to tear their limbs apart. And when we ponder thus on Fate, that too is fated. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
Men are equal; it is not birth but virtue that makes the difference. -- Voltaire
Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Lawyers are from Uranus.
Men are just different people when they're hanging onto the bottom rung. -- Jerry Maguire
Men are less sentimental than women. No man has ever seen the movie The Way We Were twice, voluntarily. -- Rita Rudner
Men are like firemen. To men, sex is an emergency, and no matter what we're doing we can be ready in two minutes. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely. -- Thomas Babington (Lord Macaulay, 1830)
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with super heroes. Women have bad self-images because they grow up identifying with Barbie. -- Rita Rudner
Men are sensitive in strange ways. If a man has built a fire and the last log does not burn, he will take it personally. -- Rita Rudner
Men are stupid enough already; if there were breasts flashing all over the place, we'd all get whiplash and die. -- Adam Rifkin
Men become civilized, not in proportion to their willingness to believe, but in their readiness to doubt. -- H.L. Mencken
Men can be analyzed, women... merely adored. -- Oscar Wilde
Men can't get mad cow disease, because men are pigs.
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all that they can. -- Thomas Carlyle
Men do not mind a bust in the mouth if provided by beautiful voluptuous lady!
Men do not stumble over mountains, but over molehills. -- Confucious
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what ELSE is on TV. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Men don't feel the urge to get married as quickly as women do because their clothes all button and zip in the front. Women's dresses sually button and zip in the back. We need men emotionally and sexually, but we also need men to help us get dressed. -- Rita Rudner
Men don't get cellulite. God might just be a man. -- Rita Rudner
Men forget everything; women remember everything. -- Rita Rudner
Men freely believe that what they wish to desire. -- Julius Caesar
Men hate to lose. I once beat my husband at tennis. I asked him, "Are we going to have sex again?" He said, "Yes, but not with each other." -- Rita Rudner
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later; for another thing, they die earlier. -- H.L. Mencken
Men have an easier time buying bathing suits. Women have two types: depressing and more depressing. Men have two types: nerdy and not nerdy. -- Rita Rudner
Men have become the tools of their tools. -- Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
Men have higher body temperatures than women. If your heating goes out in winter, I recommend sleeping next to a man. Men are like portable heaters that snore. -- Rita Rudner
Men have left God not for other gods, they say, but for no god; and this has never happened before. -- T.S. Eliot (choruses from The Rock)
Men like to barbecue. Men will cook if danger is involved. -- Rita Rudner
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men love war because it allows them to look serious. Because it is the one thing that stops women laughing at them. -- John Fowles
Men love watches with multiple functions. My husband has one that is a combination address book, telescope and piano. -- Rita Rudner
Men make gods, and women worship them. -- James G. Frazer
Men make history and not the other way around. -- Harry S Truman
Men make history, but they do not do so under conditions of their own choosing. -- Karl Marx
Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -- Oscar Wilde
Men name their masculinity because they don't want a stranger making most of their decisions.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened. -- Winston Churchill
Men only marry women because sheep can't cook.
Men own basketball teams. Every year cheerleaders' outfits get tighter and briefer, and players' shorts get baggier and longer. -- Rita Rudner
Men play the game; women know the score.
Men resent being compared with dogs, because dogs are faithful... loyal... affectionate... and obedient...
Men say they like cats but when women aren't watching men kick cats.
Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses. -- Dorothy Parker
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Men should be like Kleenex: soft, strong and disposable.
Men spend 9 months trying to get out of the womb and a lifetime trying to get back in.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Men trust their ears less than their eyes. -- Herodotus
Men wear underpants until they disintegrate into vapor. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Men were born to lie, and women to believe them. -- John Gay
Men were made big, and small. Samuel Colt made them all equal. Now, Gaston Glock has made some better than others. -- Dave Wiggins
Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri. Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split before. Thus was the Empire forged. -- Douglas Adams (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
Men who can eat anything they want and not gain weight should do it out of sight of women. -- Rita Rudner
Men who cannot read do not find it harder to get an erection, do they? -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
Men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain *and* bought jewelry. -- Rita Rudner
Men who listen to classical music tend not to spit. -- Rita Rudner
Men willingly believe what they wish. -- Julius Caesar
Men would like monogamy better if it sounded less like monotony. -- Rita Rudner
Men would like to reach out and help but are afraid they will be smashed in the head. -- Bruce Jay Friedman (Sex and the Lonely Guy, in Esquire 1977)
Men, like bullets, go farthest when they are smoothest. -- Jean Paul Richter
Men, some to business, some to pleasure take; but every woman is at heart a rake. -- Alexander Pope (Moral Essays, 1732)
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American: The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American: The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the cork makes when it is popped.
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American: All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American: Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city can never hope to acquire it.
Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.
Mental hopscotch, close your eyes and count to ten. -- Missing Persons
Menu, n.: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
Menu: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of
Menu: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
Menus don't pop up; they climb up. -- Henry McGilton
MEOW...SPLAT...RUFF...SPLAT...(Raining cats &amp; dogs)
Merchants do it all over the country.
Merci rien. Thanks for nothin'.
Mercifully free of the ravages of intelligence.
Mere words cannot fully describe how bad this film is, but if you'd like to watch a close facsimile, here's my recommendation: Take an underwater camera and stick it at the bottom of a toilet in a busy public restroom in New York City's Grand Central Station. -- Mr. Cranky
Merkin's Maxim: When in doubt, predict that the present trend will continue.
MERKIN'S MAXIM: When in doubt, predict that the trend will continue.
Mermaid, n.: A bottomless girl in a topless suit.
Mermaids CAN'T do it.
Meskimen's Law: There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to do it over.
Message will arrive in the mail. Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Message-passing, n.: Real life crap arrives unpredictably, from all directions, all at once.
Messing with the user's expectations of the CD user interface isn't a good way of demonstrating your hip, iconoclastic sensibilities. It isn't a good way of demonstrating *anything*, really, except maybe what a complete bunch of self-indulgent screw-offs you are. -- Dan Martinez on 'hidden' tracks
Meta-disclaimer: Any society that needs disclaimers has too many lawyers.
Metafiction, n.: Fiction that plays with itself; also known as Self-Fondling Narrative. -- G.K. Blank
Metamusil - it helps you go to the toilet. Because if you don't you'll get cancer and die. -- Crazy People
Metaphasia, n.: An inability to perceive metaphor. -- Douglas Coupland
Metaphor, n.: Is kind of like a simile... also the mysterious whole number between four and five (once thought lost, now used extensively in complex mathematics). -- Douglas A. Stuart
Metaphysics is good if it improves everyday life; otherwise forget it. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Meteorologist, n.: A man who can look into a girls eyes and predict whether.
Meter maid, n: Windshield viper.
Methinks Sam's getting uppity. Looks like it's once again time for me to stand between his Newton and the best light source in the room. -- Dan Martinez
Method acting.. I'm vaguely aware of it. -- Picard
Methods are many, principles are few. Principles never change, methods often do.
MFM/RLL/SCSI/ESDI/IDE.... what's next
Mice would be good. Then I can get a snake and feed the players who play bad to the snake. -- John Dobbin
Michael Bolton is recording an album of Italian opera. In a related story, Italy has declared war on us.
Michael Bolton said yesterday he now wants to become an opera singer. Which is great, because now my Dad and I can hate the same kind of music. -- Conan O'Brien
Michael Jackson's First Rule of Program Optimization: Don't do it.
Michael Jackson's new band: The Jackson Five and Under.
Michael Jackson's Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!): Don't do it yet.
Michael's new single is entitled Scream, which, coincidentally, is exactly what parents are advising their children to do if they're ever approached by the pop singer. -- Dennis Miller
Michaelangelo painted the Sixteenth Chapel.
Mick Jagger and I just really liked each other a lot. We talked all night. We had the same views on nuclear disarmament. -- Jerry Hall
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
Micro Credo: Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
Microbrain, growl for me, let me know you still care. -- Q
Microcosm mirrors macrocosm [alliteration almost as awful as Adam's]. -- Joe Barrera
Microfiche, n.: Sardines.
Microsecond, n.: Amount of time needed for a program to bomb.
Microsoft - where quality is job 1.0.1
Microsoft comes out with an operating system incorporating Mac technology... uh, wait a minute... -- Top 5
Microsoft does not dominate the software industry by any stretch of the imagination. We have lots of very able competitors who keep us constantly vigilant, and sometimes they beat us to the punch. Microsoft's success to date is based solely on the fact that people like Microsoft software. -- Bill Gates (April 1995)
Microsoft is now talking about the digital nervous system. I guess I would be nervous if my system was built on their technology too. -- Scott McNealy
Microsoft isn't the answer. Microsoft is the question, and the answer is no.
Microsoft just absolutely sucks. And if Apple has any balls that will be their new ad slogan. -- Tim Byars
Microsoft operating systems are bad, and their morals are even worse. But they make some good applications. -- Linus Torvalds
Microsoft provides so much trollbait, it practically attacks itself. -- Adam Rifkin
Microsoft says we're 100 percent committed to Java, but we're not pure. I don't think my wife would buy it if I said, 'Honey, I'm 100 percent committed, but I'm not pure.' -- Scott McNealy
Microsoft seems to have gotten a lot of mileage out of the C2 rating for NT with no network connection. I wonder if a B3 rating for Linux with no power cord might be of value.
Microsoft should stick to word processors, and leave the operating systems to Digital Research.
Microsoft, by some accounts, the second most capitalized company on the planet, is the only corporate colossus in history whose entire product line could be eliminated with a giant magnet. -- David Shenk
Microsoft, more money than brains. -- Tim Byars
Microsoft: How much are you going to pay today? -- Top 5
Microsoft's Bill Gates' $12.9 billion fortune makes him the worlds richest man, fulfilling the biblical prophecy: the geek shall inherit the earth.
Microwave oven? Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven? I've been watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks!
Middle age is a wonderful country, all the things you thought would never happen are happening. -- John Updike (Rabbit is Rich)
Middle age is when It takes longer to rest than to get tired.
Middle age is when what makes you tick needs rewinding. -- VFW Magazine
Middle age is when work begins to be a lot less fun and fun begins to be a lot more work.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun and fun a lot more work.
Middle age is when you are impressed not with the fact that the grass is greener on the other side of the fence but rather with how difficult the fence looks to get over. -- North Vernon Sun
Middle age is when you have stopped growing at both ends, and have begun to grow in the middle.
Middle age is when you're old enough to know better but young enough to look forward to it.
Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -- Ogden Nash
Middle age is youth without its levity. And old age without decay. -- Daniel Defoe
Middle age: halfway between adolescence and obsolescence
Midget fortuneteller escapes from prison... small medium at large!
Midnight, and the kiddies are sleeping... -- David Letterman
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casa Blanca.
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca, and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca.
Might does not make right but it sure makes what is. -- Edward Abbey
Mighty Mouse versus Superman? That's a tough one. -- Stand By Me
Migratory lifeform with a tropism for parties.
Miksch's Law: If a string has one end, then it has another end.
Mile High alumni association, card holding member.
Miles' Law: Where you stand depends on where you sit.
MILES' RULE: Where you stand depends on where you sit.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Military Rule #26: When in trouble, when in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
Military Rule #27: If you can't screw it or paint it, then piss on it.
Milk does a body good, eh? Check her. She's the queen. -- Encino Man
Milk does the body GOOD. -- Encino Man
Millennium has been spelled "millennium" for over a millennium. It links the Latin mille (thousand) and annus (year).
MILLER'S LAW: Exceptions prove the rule - and wreck the budget.
MILLER'S LAW: You can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step in it.
Miller's Paradox of Godwin's Law: As a network evolves, the number of Nazi comparisons not forestalled by citation to Godwin's Law converges to zero.
Miller's squad consists of your typical supporting character types (Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Jeremy Davies, Tom Sizemore and Edward Burns), which means that if you list them in order from least well known to most well known, you've also just listed the order in which they are knocked off in the story. -- Mr. Cranky
Millihelen, adj.: The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
millihelen, n.: The amount of beauty required to launch one ship. -- Tom Weller (Science Made Stupid)
Millihelen: Amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon. -- Susan Ertz
Millions of Americans aren't working, but thank heaven they've got jobs.
Millions of human hands at work, billions of minds...a vast network, screaming with life: an organism. A natural organism. -- Pi
Millions of years ago, man climbed out of the slime. You want to join the party?
Mind if I call you Al? -- Robin Williams to Aladdin
Mind if I rape your daughter?
Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your half-breed interference.
Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -- Thomas Dewar
Minds are like parachutes, they only work when open.
Minds, like parachutes, work only when open.
Mine is the last voice that you will ever hear. Do not be alarmed. -- Frankie Goes To Hollywood
Miners do it in a dark hole.
Miners do it with the shaft.
Mines are equal opportunity weapons.
Minimal bribe level: one turnip. Oh wait, I don't want to price myself out of the market. -- Blackadder III
minimalist tagline
Minimum wage... hyaaah! <Whack!> -- They Might Be Giants
Minnesota: 10,000 Lakes and no sharks!
Minnesota: Glove it or leave it.
Minnesota: I came, I thawed, I transferred...
Minnesota: If you love it, raise your right ski.
Minnesota: Land of many cultures, mostly throat.
Minnesota: Land of the ski and home of the crazed.
Minnesota: Land of two seasons, winter is coming and winter is here.
Minnesota: One day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
Minnesota: Survive it and the rest of the world is easy.
Minnesota: Where the elite meet sleet.
Minnesota: Where visitors turn blue with envy.
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
Minority report given by Joshua and Caleb: Nahbi's report of giants in the land partly due to his using binoculars for which he was not checked out. Besides, God is bigger. Recommendation: Let's Rumble -- The Whirlwind Bible Tour
Minotaurs are a-mazing when they do it.
Minute-Man, n.: A guy who double parks in front of the whore house.
MIPS = 2^(Current_Year - 1984). -- Bill Joy
MIPS, n.: Meaningless Indicator of Processor Speed.
Miracle owes its origin to the negation of thought.
Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly hard for them. -- Chaim Weizmann
Mirror mirror on the coast cook some bread and make me toast. -- John Dobbin
Mirrors on the ceiling? That's kid stuff. I'm talkin' Michelangelo, Baby! -- Top 5
Mirth Control: Proper use of a conundrum.
Miserable, dear, perfectly wretched! -- Cruella DeVille
Misers aren't fun to live with, but they make wonderful ancestors. -- David Brenner
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows. -- William Shakespeare
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misery loves company. This company loves misery.
Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it. -- Russell Baker
Misfortune shows those who are not friends. -- Aristotle
Misfortune, n.: The kind of fortune that never misses. -- Ambrose Bierce
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Misquotation is, in fact, the pride and privilege of the learned. A widely-read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely. -- Hesketh Pearson ("Common Misquotations", 1934)
Miss Behavior? Miss Demeanor? What is this, some bizarre beauty pageant? -- John Dobbin
Miss Disfunctional U.S.A. With Miss Demeanor, Miss Tery, Miss Anthrope, Miss Erable, Miss Ogeny, and Miss Understood. Oh lord please don't let me be Miss Understood.
Miss Manners does not recommend anyone's inviting society as a whole to any social event. Society as a whole doesn't approve of anything. -- Miss Manners
Miss Manners is not quite so naive as to believe that love produces any agreement of views after that first rapturous discovery that both people like movies and the outdoors. -- Miss Manners
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in? (Pick up line)
Miss, n.: A title with which we brand unmarried women to indicate that they are in the market. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Missed it by that much -- Maxwell Smart
Missile Command is a better bet, if you want to get totally fatalistic. You've got six cities to defend against incoming nuclear missiles, and at first you can cover all of them. But eventually, the only way to really survive is to pick one city and cover that and let the rest go totally to hell. Fuck Washington, D.C., fuck New York, fuck Atlanta, I'm taking care of Madison, Wisconsin. It's liberated you from all sorts of social responsibility. -- J.C. Herz (Joystick Nation)
Misspelled personalities: ERICH MARINA REMARQUE - author, ALL QUIET ON THE WATERFRONT.
Misspelled personalities: EVICTOR HUGO - French landlord and author, LEASE MISERABLES.
Misspelled personalities: JIMMY CARTIER - the leader with a million carat smile.
Misspelled personalities: JOHANN SEBASTIAN BACHE - Wall Street baroquer.
Misspelled personalities: LITTLE BOA PEEP - shepherdess who absentmindedly ate her own flock.
Misspelled personalities: MOOSES - Hebrew prophet who parted the Maine woods.
Misspelled personalities: PERRY MASSON - TV lawyer who will solve no case before its time.
Misspelled personalities: XEROXES - Persian photocopy king.
Misspelled? Impossible. My modem is error correcting.
Misster, do you vant to buy a duck?
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life. -- Sophia Loren
Mistakes are the price we pay for a full life. -- Sophia Loren
Mistakes: It could be that the purpose of your life is to serve as a warning to others. -- www.despair.com
Mister Worf, show these children the airlock. -- Picard
Mistletoe can be deadly if you eat it, but a kiss can be even deadlier if you mean it. -- Batman Returns
Mistress, n.: Halfway between a mister and a mattress.
Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.
MIT looked into the future... they have a place there where they look into the future... -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
MIT... looks like how Caltech would be if it was bigger and had no honor code. -- Greg Davis
Mitchell's Law of Committees: Any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough meetings are held to discuss it.
Mixed emotions, pal. Like seeing Larry Wildmon going off a cliff in my new Maserati. -- Wall Street
Mixing bowl set designed to please a cook with round bottom for efficient beating.
Mixing woomen and alcohol is best done with a blender. -- Weave (#gothic)
ML attempts to enforce good programming with the functional model. I think it enforces good programming by preventing the development of large projects in ML. -- Robert Rodgers
Mm-HMMMMmmmm, that's good weed! -- Johnny Carson (a la Art Fern)
Mmm. Meetings. Only seppuku could be this much fun. -- John Prevost
Mmmbop? Mmmnope. -- Top 5
Mmmm... chocolate... D'oh! Marge, we need more vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream! -- Homer
Mmmm... strawberry. Mmmm... apple. Mmmm... purple. -- Homer Simpson eating donuts
Mmmmm... reprocessed pig fat... -- Homer Simpson
mmmMmm, cat herding -- Aleecia McDonald
Mmmmmm-MMMMMM!! A plate of STEAMING PIECES of a PIG mixed with the shreds of SEVERAL CHICKENS...
MMMMMMMMENDOOOOOOOZAAAAAAAA!! -- The Simpsons and MST3K
Mobius strippers have no rear end.
Mobius strippers never show you their back side.
Mockery requires self-awareness. -- Rohit Khare
Mockery, n.: When you, really, really want to see someone again and abjectly apologize for being five minutes late, fast all day, and work out for 120 minutes waiting for shift change, to find she's abruptly quit with no notice and no forwarding number. -- Rohit Khare
Modem sex begins with a handshake.
Modem, n.: What landscapers do to dem lawns.
Modem, said the gardener when he'd finished the lawn..
Modems are proof that people enjoy torturing themsevles
Modems... reach out and BYTE someone!
Moderate riches will carry you.. if you have more, you must carry them.
Moderation in all things, and moderation is the first to go.
Moderation in all things. -- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Moderation in temper is always a virture; but moderation in principle is always a vice. -- Thomas Paine
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess. -- Oscar Wilde
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea. -- John Ciardi
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings. -- Stanislaw Lec
Modern man thinks he loses something - time - when he does not do things quickly. Yet he does not know what to do with the time he gains... except kill it. -- Erich Fromm
Modesty is such a lonely word, everyone is in the nude. -- John Dobbin
Modesty is the art of keeping from others the high opinion you have of yourself.
Modesty, moderation, compassion and consideration... -- Benjamin Hoff (The Te of Piglet)
Modesty, n.: Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Modular Sofas. Only $299. For rest or fore play.
Modus ponens -- it goes back to the Ancient Greeks. Of course, modus ponens is Latin, but... -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Mohandas Gandhi's Seven Blunders of the World: Wealth without work; Pleasure without conscience; Knowledge without character; Commerce without morality; Science without humanity; Worship without sacrifice; Politics without principle.
Molecular biology is filled with peculiar convoluted loops which I cn't quite understand, such as the way folded proteins, which are coded for in DNA, can loop back and manipulate the DNA which they came from, possibly even destroying it. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis: If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis: If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented, it wasn't worth doing.
Mom, could you get me some of those Flintstones chewable morphine? -- Bart Simpson
Mom, it's simple; I listen to evil and depressing music because I *am* evil and depressing.
Moments of inspiration sandwiched in between layers of crap.
Momma always said life was like a cheap modem... you never know if you're gonna connect... -- F. Gump
Mommy would give me one dime and her two nickels, and I would cry 'cause she got more. -- Rugburns
Mommy! Mommy! Don't look at me! I said never look at me! -- Blue Velvet
Mommy, the guy from Green Day give me this mop! -- Michelle Gardner
Mommy's all right, daddy's all right, they just seem a little weird. Surrender, but don't give yourself away. -- Cheap Trick
Monage a trois. I am three years old.
Monday is a hard way to spend one seventh of your life.
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Monday is the root of all evil
Monday was President's Day, or as it is better known, the Spectacular Annual Mattress Clearance Sale Day. Millions of Americans paid tribute to our nations President's in a most fitting manner... by doing nothing.
Monday, n.: In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Monday: In Christian countries, the day after the football game.
Monday's Senior Clinic column did not mean to imply that drinking Mennen Skin Bracer will cure perineal itch. (The Ottawa Citizen corrects itself on the medical benefits of after-shave lotion, August 24, 1994)
Mondays are the diamond lane on the freeway of hell.
Mondays are the potholes in the road of life.
Money can't buy friends but it can buy a better class of enemy. -- Spike Milligan.
Money can't buy happiness but it can certainly rent it for a couple of hours.
Money can't buy happiness... but it can buy a boat big enough to sail right up next to it! -- David Lee Roth
Money cannot buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.
Money doesn't grow on trees, so don't try planting coins.
Money is a lousy means of keeping score.
Money is a powerful aphrodisiac, but flowers work almost as well.
Money is America's God, and business people can dig black power if it coincides with green power. -- Jackie Robinson (From the preface to his ghostwritten 1972 autobiography "I Never Had It Made")
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is far more persuasive than logical arguments. -- Euripides
Money is round and rolls away.
Money is the root of all evil, and everyone needs roots.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money is the root of all evil, and yet it is such a useful root that we cannot get on without it any more than we can without potatoes. -- Louisa May Alcott
Money is the root of all wealth.
Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million. -- Jean Jacques Rousseau
Money is the sinews of love, as of war. -- George Farquhar
Money is truthful. If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Money isn't everything. It isn't even enough.
Money isn't everything... but it's way ahead of whatever's in second place.
Money may be the husk of many things, but not the kernel. It brings you food, but not appetite; medicine, but not health; acquaintances, but not friends; servants, but not loyalty; days of joy, but not peace or happiness. -- Henrik Ibsen
Money may buy friendship but money can not buy love.
Money must become an instrument of the search for self-knowledge. Money must become a tool in the only enterprise worth undertaking for any modern man or woman seriously wishing to find the meaning of their lives: we must use money in order to study ourselves as we are and as we can become. -- Jacob Needleman
Money Not Found: Abort, Retry, break out Quicken?
Money often costs too much. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Money sucks, and people suck, and the world sucks, let's go dye our hair.
Money talks, quietly to psychopaths.
Money talks...but all mine ever says is "good-bye!"
Money will not buy happiness, but it will let you be unhappy in nice places.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salary of a large research staff to study the problem. -- Bill Vaughan
Money wouldn't be so important if everybody didn't want some.
Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations. -- Thomas Jefferson
Mongo merely pawn in game of life. -- Blazing Saddles
Monism, n.: The view that reality is one unitary organic whole with no independent parts.
Monkey good. Sphincter bad. -- Roberto Herrera
Monkeys. Darwin. It's a nice story. I just think it's a little too easy. -- Friends
Monks do it by hand.
Monks do it out of habit.
Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses. -- H.H. Munro (the short story genius known as Saki)
Monogamy leaves a lot to be desired.
Monophobia, n.: The fear of not being able to listen to the radio in stereo.
Monopoly? Heck no. We just don't want competition.
Monothestic Gods are soft and lazy. -- Chairoscuro (Jantz)
Monster AI is still in development. Some monsters may seem to be ignoring you until you actually shoot them. This is because as small aliens they refused to eat their humans and as a result suffered brain damage. We will be taking measures to ensure that all aliens receive a proper diet before the final release. -- Quake 2 Demo disclaimer
Montana: At least our cows are sane!
MONTANA: Land of the Big Sky, and Very Little Else.
Moonbeam - if you can't stand the heat, stay out of the sun. -- Michelle Morrell
Mophobia, n.: Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.
Mophobia, n.: Fear of being verbally abused by a Missourian.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. -- Aristotle
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
Moral loophole: Chocolate is a vegetable.
Moral loophole: It does not count as tabloid reporting if you're only reporting that the tabloids reported it.
Moral loophole: It is not plagiarism if you would have written it exactly that way.
Moral loophole: It is not premarital sex if you have no intention of getting married.
Moral loophole: It is not procrastination if you decide to postpone it RIGHT NOW.
Moral loophole: It is not racketeering if you use a bat.
Moral loophole: It is not vote fraud unless you can prove those dead guys would have voted the other way.
Moral loophole: It isn't a preexisting condition unless you had it before you existed.
Moral loophole: You are not drinking alcohol if you plan on puking it back up.
Moral loophole: You are not fat if clothes are actually made in your size.
Moral loophole: You are not guilty of DUI if you thought someone else was driving.
Moral loophole: You are still sober as lounge as you can still say your worms promperty.
Moral principles can never be compromised; they can only be abandoned.
Morality is not defined by individual choice. -- Rush Limbaugh
Morality is not really the doctrine of how to make ourselves happy, but of how we are to be worthy of happiness. -- Immanuel Kant
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike. -- Oscar Wilde
Morality is ubiquitous in everything that is good or bad.
More and more it appears that, biologically, men are designed for short, brutal lives and women for long, miserable ones. -- Estell Ramey (Prof Physiology, Georgetown)
More coffee for me... because I'm not as messed up as I'd like to be.
More in the mind than the body this feeling.
More like Woody Woodpecker with a perm
More men are killed by overwork than the importance of the world justifies. -- Rudyard Kipling (The Phantom Rickshaw, 1888)
More men should feel obligated to apologize to me after trying to pick me up. -- Megan Coughlin
More of an apple, tulip, and 747 state. (Not to be confused with 808-State). -- Megan Coughlin
More people rust out than wear out. -- H. Jackson Brown
More puzzled intellectuals declaring their mystification over the systematic murder of millions. The reason they can never answer the question, 'How could it possibly happen?' is that it is the wrong question. Given what people are, the real question is, 'Why doesn't it happen more often?' But of course it does, just in smaller ways. -- Woody Allen
More than 2 would be very difficult to assimilate. -- Mani Chandy
More than a million people were in New Orleans this week for Mardi Gras. It began with the traditional Running of the Falling Down Drunks.
More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads. One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction. Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly. -- Woody Allen
More than iron, more than lead, more than gold, I need electricity. I need it more than I need lamb or pork or lettuce or cucumber. I need it for my dreams. -- Racter (a program that sometimes writes poetry)
More than two shakes at the urinal is considered playing with yourself.
More trouble is caused in this world by indiscreet answers than by indiscreet questions. -- Sydney J. Harris
Morgan's Corollary to Godwin's Law: As soon as such a comparison occurs, someone will start a Nazi-discussion thread on alt.censorship.
Morning breath no longer gives you that same thrill. -- Top 5
Morning is a concept I only approach from the night before. -- Harry Chapin
Morning is not my day. -- Thanh Boyer
Morning's at seven; the grass is dew pearled; God's in his heaven, all's right with the world!
Moroccan Proverb: A stone from the hand of a friend is an apple.
Moroccan Proverb: Among walnuts only the empty one speaks.
Moroccan Proverb: An old cat will not learn how to dance.
Moroccan Proverb: If you are a peg, endure the knocking; if you are a mallet, strike.
Moroccan Proverb: Only its master stays in the grave.
Moroccan Proverb: Salt will never be worm-eaten.
Moroccan Proverb: The falcon does not struggle when he is caught.
Moroccan Proverb: The pumpkin gives birth and the fence has the trouble.
Moroccan Proverb: The tar of my country is better than the honey of others.
Moroccan Proverb: The world has not promised anything to anybody.
Mortality is a cheap price to pay for existence. -- Bob Geldof
MOSER'S LAW OF SPORTS: Exciting plays only occur when your are watching the scoreboard or buying food.
Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously.
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering: Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job.
Most Americans eat over a ton of dirt every day.
Most Americans' car horns beep in the key of F.
Most C++ programmers really only use a subset of C++ commonly known as C++--. -- Bill Gates
Most computer problems are caused by a loose nut between the chair and the keyboard.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. -- Abe Lincoln
Most food cannot be kept longer than the average lifespan of a hamster. Keep a hamster in your refrigerator to gauge this.
Most gays have heterosexual parents.
Most general statements are false, including this one. -- Alexander Dumas
Most good women are hidden treasures who are only safe because nobody looks for them. -- Dorothy Parker
Most men do not mature, they simply grow taller. -- Leo Rosten
Most men employ the first part of their life, to make the rest miserable. -- de La Bruyere
Most men hate to shop. That's why the men's department is usually on the first floor of a department store, two inches from the door. -- Rita Rudner
Most men lead lives of quiet desperation. -- Henry David Thoreau
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Most men say they can short out the toilet seat-up alarm with an errant stream of urine. -- Dennis Miller
Most of Branagh's American fans think Laertes and Fortinbras are breeds of hamster. -- Mr. Cranky
Most of my life is designed around protecting certain illusions. Shattering them now seems foolish. -- John Dobbin
Most of the houses in France are made of plaster of Paris.
Most of the other suggestions involved doing things that were impractical, obscene or illegal. I tried them all personally, and although I must say I enjoyed several of them they didn't meet all of the criteria for selection. -- Scott Adams
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Most of the time it was probably real bad being stuck down in a dungeon. But some days, when there was a bad storm outside, you'd look out your little window and think, "Boy, I'm glad I'm not out in that." -- Jack Handey
Most of the truly meaningful things that happen in a classroom are only tangentially related to the subject matter being taught. -- Dallin Malmgren
Most of the VAX instructions are in microcode, but halt and no-op are in hardware for efficiency
Most of the world is carpeted, and one day we will do the cleaning. -- Seinfeld
Most of us ask for advice when we know the answer but want a different one. -- Ivern Ball (National Enquirer)
Most of us ask for advice when we know the answer but we want a different one. -- Ivern Ball
Most of us can do more than we think we can, but usually do less than we think we have.
Most of us don't have any time for anything! Yet somehow we get things done when we are simultaneously excited enough about them and lucky. -- Doug Lea
Most of us have been at work for several hours now.
Most of us miss out on life's big prizes. The Pulitzer. The Nobel. Oscars. Tonys. Emmys. But we're all eligible for life's small pleasures. A pat on the back. A kiss behind the ear. A four-pound bass. A full moon. An empty parking space. A crackling fire. A great meal. A glorious sunset. Hot soup. Cold beer. Don't fret about copping life's grand awards. Enjoy its tiny delights. There are plenty for all of us. -- WSJ
Most of us spent the first 3 weeks terrified of the class. Then solidarity kicked in.
Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons for it afterwards. -- Soren Peterson
Most of you are probably aware that traditional animators have for a long time worked their magic by drawing on layers of cellulite. -- Adam Levine (President of Specular, Inc.)
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. -- Abe Lincoln
Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do. -- Turgenev
Most people change their minds because they can't find one worth keeping.
Most people don't have a clue, and they're much happier that way. -- Men in Black
Most people express the vast majority of their thoughts using the following words: stuff, things, like, weird, cool, sucks, lame, great, really, totally, and fuck. -- Suck
Most people hate the English. I don't. They're just wankers. We're colonised by wankers. We couldn't even find a decent race to be colonised by. It's a shite state of affairs to be in, and no amount of fresh air is ever going to change that. -- Trainspotting
Most people leave their bodies to medical science. I'm leaving mine to the Louvre, baby! -- Cat (Red Dwarf)
Most people who are rich chose their parents wisely. -- Philip Greenspun
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough not to quit. -- George Carlin
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch. -- Robert Orben
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass. -- Frank Zappa
Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
Most rock journalism is people who can not write interviewing people who can not talk. -- Frank Zappa
Most so-called moral dilemmas simply dissolve when one gathers all the knowledge that is actually available. We waste an immense amount of precious energy trying to make decisions before we really have to or are able to. Once we see something clearly, the question of morality more or less takes care of itself. Authentic morality is the child of understanding. -- Jacob Needleman
Most think grammar is the person who owns the house to which we go over the river and through the woods. -- Adam Rifkin
Most turkeys taste better the day after; my mother's tasted better the day before. -- Rita Rudner
Most women are introspective: "Am I in love? Am I emotionally and creatively fulfilled?" Most men are outrospective: "Did my team win? How's my car?" -- Rita Rudner
Most women do not want to be liberated from their essential natures as women. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
Most women have no characters at all. -- Alexander Pope
Mostly dead is very different from all dead. All dead, nothing you can do but go through the pockets looking for loose change. -- The Princess Bride
Motel, n.: A love-inn.
Mother a weed, father a weed. Do you expect the daughter to be a saffron root?
Mother board, n.: See soap opera (or go shopping).
Mother died today, or maybe it was yesterday. -- Albert Camus (The Stranger)
Mother earth is not flat
MOTHER IN LAW is an anagram for WOMAN HITLER. -- Adrian Plass
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of children. -- The Crow
Mother kisser! -- Friends
Mother Nature is a bitch.
Mother Teresa is a nice lady because it makes her feel good. I light things on fire for the same reason. The relative merit of either action can be argued, but the base motivation is exactly the same. -- Mark Denovich
Mother Theresa gets laid more than you and I. -- John Dobbin
Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.
MOTHER'S DAY: Nine months after Father's day.
Motherboard - maternal parent listening to you tell her about your latest program.
Motherhood is the most emotional experience of one's life. One joins a kind of women's mafia. -- Janet Suzman
Mothering is only one letter away from smothering.
Mothers are the necessity of invention. -- Calvin
Motivation is everything. You can do the work of two people, but you can't BE two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire HIS people. -- Lee Iacocca
Motorcycling rule #1: Shiny side up/rubber side down!
Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.
MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING
Mountain climbers rope themselves together to prevent the sensible ones from going home.
Mountain Dew and doughnuts... because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Mountain Dew, n.: The sweat underneath Dolly Parton's chest
Mountaineers do it with ropes.
Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there.
Mourner, n.: Same as a "nooner", only sooner.
Move your vowels daily or you'll get consonanted.
Move your vowels every day or you'll get consonated.
Movers do it in the van.
Movies ARE photography. 24 times a second. -- Slacker
Moving faster than a speeding bullet doesn't help if you are headed toward each other.
Mow your carpet. Buff your cat. Dial 911 and breath heavily. Form a political party.
MR MOJO RISIN unscrambled spells JIM MORRISON.
Mr Spock wears vulcanized rubbers.
Mr Worf Do you intend to blast a hole in the viewscreen?
Mr Worf... Fire at Will.. >BZZZT< ... Hey, where'd Riker go?
Mr. Baldrick, what is it that begins with 'Come here' and ends with 'Ow'? -- Black Adder
MR. BILL . . .Ooooohhh Nooooooooooo({2FE NO CARRIER
Mr. Burns, you make Muddy Waters sound shallow and cheerful. -- Smithers (the Simpsons)
Mr. Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant, yet the population is growing.
Mr. Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
Mr. Cranky has been known to exaggerate now and again, but... I kid you not... after I saw this film, I wanted to drive my car into a tree. -- Mr. Cranky
Mr. Helms will be providing the country with much-needed humor as chair of the Senate Foreign Relations committee. -- Kurt Loder
Mr. Quick Brown Fox, jump over me again and I will kill you. -- Lazy Dog
Mr. Sco*t G*t th*s* trib*les out*of m* ta*lin* n*w
Mr. Scott, energize. Hey Where'd that pink bunny come from???
Mr. Spock has 3 ears: a left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear.
Mr. Worf, fire phasers at @FN@ ... Zzzzzap
Mr. Worf, scan that ship. Aye Captain. 300 dpi?
Mr. Ziggy...This is the First National Bank...One of your checks bounced and injured three of our tellers. You'll be hearing from our attorneys!!!
MS is just the biggest/most visible target. MS's products suck in some ways; so do everyone's; people're just much more likely to have had to deal with MS products. I was an Ultrix/SunOS/Solaris/HPUX/IRIX/Linux sysadmin for years, I've used several other varieties of Unix a lot (Mach, AIX, &c), I've done Mac dev, and now I've had my fingers deep in NT. I've programmed in dozens of languages, seen an incredible variety of systems, and used countless applications. Everything Sucks. -- Rob Earhart
MS-DOS....DR DOS' Sister.
MS-DOS..MR DOS's sister -- DR DOS..MS DOS's Gynecologist
Mt. Dew good, yellow snow bad! -- Brian Trotter
Mt. Kilimanjaro, the breathtaking backdrop for the Serena Lodge. Swim in the lovely pool while you drink it all in.
Much as I love someone, they will not be handcuffing me to a cast iron bed. -- Richard Goodman
Much is usually too much, but enough is almost never enough. So more than enough should be enough for everybody!
Much like aging, inflation has no effect on cartoon characters. -- Adam Rifkin
Much like the subtle way that Drew says "this thread is stupid" by parodying the thread, Eeyore is trying to tell me something along the lines of "You used to have balls back when you actually SENT snotty email to Billy Idol, instead of just talking about it." -- Nathan Loofborrow
Much of the fun and glamour have gone out of government. Wars are few and far between. -- George Walden (British Tory Member of Parliament)
Much that I sought, I could not find; Much that I found, I could not keep; Much that I kept, I could not free; Much that I freed, returned to me. -- Lord Byron
Mud is not one of the 4 food groups. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Muench's Law: Nothing improves an innovation like lack of controls.
MUIR'S LAW: When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to the universe.
Mulberry: none of OUR employees have ever been arrested for international espionage. -- Matt Wall
Multi Edit. Triumph over insanity.
Multics is security spelled sideways.
Multitask- Make twice the mistakes in + the time.
Multitasking = 3 PCs and a chair with wheels!
Multitasking causes schizophrenia.
Multitasking causes schizophrenia..
Multitasking, n.: Reading in the bathroom.
Multitasking... I can read news and email simultaneously! -- Robert Harley
Mum's the word.
Mumble.
Mumbling to himself, Picard figures out the cheese grater
Mung, n.: The small dry or semi-dry puddle of coffee found in the bottom of neglected cups.
Murder is the sport of the elected. -- the Police
Murdered by pirates is good. -- Princess Bride
Murphy is out there... waiting...
Murphy was an optimist. -- O'Toole's Commentary
Murphy's 10th Law: Mother Nature is a bitch. -- Murphy
Murphy's 11th Law: It is impossible to make anything foolproof, because fools are so ingenious. -- Murphy
Murphy's 1st Law: Nothing is as easy as it looks. -- Murphy
Murphy's 2nd Law: Everything takes longer than you think. -- Murphy
Murphy's 3rd Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and at the worst possible time. -- Murphy
Murphy's 4th Law: If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong. -- Murphy
Murphy's 5th Law: If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway. -- Murphy
Murphy's 6th Law: If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will promptly develop. -- Murphy
Murphy's 7th Law Corollary by Farnsdick: After things have gone from bad to worse, the cycle will repeat itself.
Murphy's 7th Law: Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse. -- Murphy
Murphy's 8th Law: If all seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something. -- Murphy
Murphy's 9th Law: Nature always sides with the hidden flaw. The hidden flaw never remains hidden. -- Murphy
Murphy's computer law #13: When you arrive home with your new computer, it will be obsolete, and two weeks later the PC you wanted but couldn't afford will cost less than the one you bought. -- Murphy
Murphy's Flu Law: If you seem to be getting better, it's your doctor getting worse.
Murphy's Flu Philosophy: Even water tastes bad when taken on doctor's orders.
Murphy's Government Law: If anything can go wrong, it will do so in triplicate.
Murphy's Law is recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Murphy's Law of Research: Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Murphy's Law of Thermodynamics: Things get worse under pressure.
Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem... -- Thomas Pynchon (Gravity's Rainbow)
Murphy's Military Law #4: The most dangerous thing in the combat zone is an officer with a map.
Murphy's Observation: When it rains, it pours.
Murphy's Philosophy: Smile . . . tomorrow will be worse.
Murphy's Saving Grace: The worst is the enemy of the bad.
Murphy's Seventh Corollary: Every solution breeds new problems.
Murphy's Statement on the Power of Negative Thinking: It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
Murray's Hockey Rule: Hockey is a game played by six good players and the home team.
Murray's Rule Of Baseball: Whatever can go to New York, will.
Murray's Rule Of BasketbalL: A free agent is anything but.
Murray's Rule Of Football: Nothing is ever so bad it can't be made worse by firing the coach.
Music causes us to think eloquently. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Music has been called medicine, but some of it is hard to take.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music is a higher revelation than philosophy. -- Ludwig von Beethoven
Music is my mistress and she plays second fiddle to no one. -- Duke Ellington
Music is the best means we have of digesting time. -- W.H. Auden
Music is the universal language of mankind. -- H.W. Longfellow
Music soothes the savage beast, but I don't take ghetto blasters on safari.
Music sung by two people at the same time is called a duel.
Music washes away from the soul the dust of every day life. -- Berthold Auerbach
Musicians do it with rhythm.
Musicians duet in pairs.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
Must you blindly ape everything PJ O'Rourke does? -- Rohit Khare
Must you make a decision between sex and religion? Why can't you love God from bed? -- Steve Vai
Must...defy...laws...of...physics... -- The Tick
Mustgo, n.: Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so long it has become a science project. -- Sniglets (Rich Hall &amp; Friends)
Mustgo, sniglet: Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so long it has become a science project.
Mutually Desirous Incompatibles? Is that anything like Mutually Assured Destruction?
My a burly person take exception to the way your face is arranged.
My admiration for you can be taken for granite.
My advice is to keep two mistresses. Few men have the stamina for more. -- Ovid (Cures for Love)
My advice to you is not to enquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it's on your plate - that's my philosophy. -- Thornton Niven Wilder (The Skin of Our Teeth)
My advice to you is to start drinking heavily. -- Animal House
My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it. -- John Gardner (the Dragon to Grendel)
My ambition is handicapped by laziness. -- Henry Bukowsky (Factotum)
My apartment complex threatened to evict me if I didn't get my apartment in a "sanitary condition." Like I've ever been insane. -- John Dobbin
My appetite comes to me while eating. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
my attendance depends on whether or not i can hold back the momentous tide of ambivalence and bile that is rising within me.. corrupting everything close like a fuzzy black coccoon of despair and loathing.. until i feel like embracing it all and crushing it into the shape of a huge breast. ..a breast to suckle from, the better to fill the empty hole that is my frozen heart.. oops, ..heh, um, ..i mean: pencil me in for two; i'll bring my guest from SanFran... -- Vince Farquharson
My AUTOEXEC.BAT is a vampire.
My basic principle is that you don't make decisions because they are easy; you don't make them because they are cheap; you don't make them because they're popular; you make them because they're right. -- Theordore Hesburgh (C.S.C., former president, University of Notre Dame)
My bathroom went to art school, now I piss in a collage. -- Rugburns
My best advice is don't eat Spam for a while. -- Rugburns
My best friend is a social worker.
My best friend ran away with my girlfriend. Gee, I miss him.
My best man was her daddy's shotgun.
My best pickup line is: "Hi, I'm Bob. Do you speak English?"
My bills always die in subcommittee. -- Calvin
My biological clock keeps flashing 12am.
My birth rite? Is that like a trust fund or something? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
My body has certainly wandered a good deal, but I have an uneasy suspicion that my mind has not wandered enough. -- Noel Coward
My boloney has a first name, it's H-O-M-E-R, my boloney has a second name, it's... H-O-M-E-R... -- Homer Simpson
My book recommends a twirling wedgie for people who ask for too much. -- Dogbert
My boss has such a big ego that he pages himself over the intercom and doesn't even disguise his voice.
My boss hates YES men and I have to agree with him.
My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to. -- Rita Rudner
My boyfriend thinks I lost my true calling to be a librarian. -- Paulina Porizkova
My boys need to breathe. -- Seinfeld
My brain hurts!
My brain hurts
my brain hurts... it shouldn't, i haven't used it much recently -- Nailbunny
My brain is my second favorite organ. -- Woody Allen
My brother has invented a new coffin. It just goes over the head. It's for people who are dead from the neck up. Do you want to buy one?
My brothers and sisters all hated me because I was an only child. -- Weird Al Yankovic
My brothers they never went blind for what they did, but I may as well have. -- Alanis Morissette
My buddy got busted for counterfeiting. He was making pennies. They caught him because he was putting the heads and tails on the wrong sides. He's in a minimum security prison now; he's on a whiffle-ball and chain. -- Steven Wright
My business cards have said "engineer" for several years, but that's mostly to impress women. -- Scott Adams
My candle burns at both ends; it will not last the night; but ah, my foes, and oh, my friends... it gives a lovely light. -- Edna St. Vincent Millay (First Fig)
My car has a V1 engine and gets 2000 miles to the gallon, therefore I must race the penis car in heavy traffic to eliminate its advantage. -- Ian Konen on my driving
My carphone's on the pill, and my girlfriend's got call waiting. -- Rugburns
My center is giving way, my right is pushed back, situation excellent, I am attacking. -- Ferdinand Foch at the second battle of the Marne (1918)
My child does not have social problems; he just hates all the other kids in his class. -- James Patton's mom
My choice in life was either to be a piano player in a whorehouse or a politician. And to tell you the truth, there's hardly any difference. -- Harry S Truman
My colon is the strongest muscle in my body. I'm going to live forever. -- Denis Leary
My computer has a hard drive, and my disk is always floppy. -- Rugburns
My computer has a terminal illness.
My computer is so powerful that it ran the entire program in a negative amount of time. That's right, it started printing up PI before it had even compiled the little sucker. Hell, it regularly spits out new Penrose tile formations using 15 randomly generated tile forms in under a nanosecond. Then it makes my coffee, gives me a handjob and signs my paychecks. -- Chris Rapier
My computer puts out.
My computer's sick. I think my modem is a carrier.
My computer's sick; I think my modem's a carrier.
My couch potato routine honed to perfection.
My country right or wrong is like saying, My mother drunk or sober. -- G.K. Chesterton
My cow died, so I don't need your bull anymore.
My CPU can beat up your CPU with *both* its FPU's tied behind its MMU!! -- Lamar Owen
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
My dad hit me only once - with the Buick
My dad is so fast. He works for the government. He gets off work at 5:00 and is home by 4:30.
My daughter claims it embarrasses her to come downstairs and find me attempting to get her date to recite these eight simple rules from memory. I'd be embarrassed too--there are only eight of them, for crying out loud! And, for the record, I did NOT suggest to one of these cretins that I'd have these rules tattooed on his arm if he couldn't remember them. (I checked into it and the cost is prohibitive.) I merely told him that I thought writing the rules on his arm with a ball point might be inadequate--ink washes off--and that my wood burning set was probably a better alternative. -- Frank Topar
My daughter says her tummy is "where the lollipops live."
My daughter the schoolteacher says the three things she likes best about teaching are June, July, and August.
My daughter's like Federal Express. When she meets a guy she just absolutely, positively has to be there overnight. -- Rodney Dangerfield
My daughter's not normal. For the prom, she stayed home and field stripped an AK-47. -- Last Action Hero
My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular. -- Adlai E. Stevenson
My definition of smart means being able to deal honestly with people yet somehow avoid the twin perils of either pissing them off or of committing myself to a lifetime of indentured servitude trying too hard to be nice. -- Robert X. Cringely
My dictionary refuses to acknowledge "antidisestablishmentarianism". -- Megan Coughlin
My doctor comes in every morning to feel my purse.
My doctor said I had a broken leg. I told him I wanted a second opinion, so he said 'You're UGLY too.' -- Rodney Dangerfield
My doctor says I suffer from hypochondria. He prescribed a strong placebo, but I don't think it's working. -- Dan Silva
My doctor says I'd get less nose bleeds if I kept my finger out of it. -- The Simpsons
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people. -- Orson Welles
My Dog ate my REP Packet
My dog has no nose.
My dream ticket in 96? Kemp and Gump! -- David Letterman
My dreams are getting way too literal. -- Calvin
My economic philosophy is middle of the road. I spend money left and right.
My email went to Urbana, but all I got was this stupid router! -- jane@apple.com
My employer beat me over the head with a baseball bat. I'm gonna sue the baseball bat manufacturer for knowingly selling a dangerous product...
My entire life is crammed into printer-paper boxes and stacked up against the bedroom wall. -- Ari Rapkin
My ethicator machine must've had a built-in moral compromise spectral release phantasmatron! I'm a genius! -- Calvin
my ethics teacher, on the other hand, is one of the best impersonators of a hamster pumped full of crack in the world. who wins? me.
My evil twin wants to [...] and see how many people I could confuse the hell out of. mmmMmmm, evil twin. -- Aleecia McDonald
My ex-wife must have been related to Abraham Lincoln. Everybody's taken a shot at her in the balcony.
My experience tells me that, instead of bothering about how the whole world may live in the right manner, we should think how we ourselves may do so. We do not even know whether the world lives in the right manner or in a wrong manner. If, however, we live in the right manner, we shall feel that others also do the same, or shall discover a way of persuading them to do so. -- Mahatma Gandhi
My fallacies are more logical than your fallacies.
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
My father carries around the picture of the kid who came with his wallet. -- Rodney Dangerfield
My father is Palestinian which explains my violent tendencies and my mom is Irish which explains my violent tendencies as well. -- Nadiya El-Khatib
My father once told me that respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality. 'Something cannot emerge from nothing,' he said. This is profound thinking if you understand how unstable 'the truth' can be. -- Paul Maud'Dib (Dune)
My father was a Creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my family, it seems, begins where yours left off. -- Alexander Dumas
My father was a nun. The court asked him occupation and he said none. -- Blackadder IV
My favorite cooking utensil is the telephone. -- John Dobbin
My favorite dreams of you still wash ashore. Scraping through my head till I don't want to sleep anymore. -- Nine Inch Nails
My favorite magazine. Soft, strong, and thoroughly absorbant. -- Blackadder IV
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
My favorite part of dinner -- Riker
My favorite ritual is eating three bowls of Chocolate Frosted Sugar Bombs and watching TV cartoons all Saturday morning. -- Calvin
My favorite sexual position is IN.
My fax is getting acne, and it needs some tetracycline. -- Rugburns
My fellow Americans, I have just signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever. We begin bombing in five minutes. -- Ronald Reagan (attributed)
My fiancee broke up with me. She left the ring in the bathtub.
My firm currently employs 20 odd people, said the job-seeker.
My firm opinion is that Educom is baby food: pureed day-old bits... -- Rohit Khare
My first 35 Undeniable Truths are still undeniably true. -- Rush Limbaugh
My first experience with artificial life came about when I mistakenly walked into a singles bar.
My foolish parents taught me to read and write.
My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky. -- David Letterman's Easter Bunny
My foreman thinks I have more ability than I think I have. So I consistently do better work than I thought I could do.
My formula for success is much simpler. To the basic Willard Scott effect I have added self-deprecating humor and a pledge to avoid repeated leads, flashbacks and dream sequences. And that's it. Pretty pathetic, eh? -- Robert X. Cringely
My friend got a speeding ticket. I asked him how fast it was going.
My friend is that one whom I can associate with my choicest thought. -- Thoreau
My friend Jimmy was crushed by a giant squid! -- David Letterman's Barbershop Quartet
My friend Sarah has a 'Faisal test' wherein she runs all her boyfriends by me. In your case I might offer to just send you a bunch of sheets with blanks for 'Name:' and 'Grade:' with big red circled 'F's in all the 'Grade:' boxes, and you can just fill in the names. -- Faisal Jawdat
My friend Stew says I don't quallify for Gen X because I've never done any telemarketing. -- Dan Appelquist
My friends would think I was a nut, turning water into wine. -- Peter Gabriel
My friends, no matter how rough the road may be, we can and we will never, never surrender to what is right. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
My FTP site logs hits and it had to happen eventually... last night I got a dozen hits from user@host.
My future ain't what it used to be. -- Mr. T Experience
My girlfriend asked me if I'll love her in the morning. I told her it depends on what happens tonight.
My girlfriend said "Just buy me something crazy and expensive - something I won't even need", so I signed her up for radiation treatment. -- Emo Philips
My girlfriend says that I'm going to hell because I don't go to church, but that's okay, because from what I've been able to figure out, they don't have church there either. -- Kirk W. Reuter
My girlfriend's weird. One day she asked me, "If you could know how and when you were going to die, would you want to know?" I said, "No." She said, "Okay, forget it." -- Steven Wright
My Go amn keyboar oesn't have any 's!
My God can beat up YOUR god...
My God It's full of stars
My God They've gone to Plaid
My God, he takes everything that's good about the Web and perverts it! He's brilliant! -- Adam Rifkin (About Tim Byars)
My God, I'm depressed Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending mail about softball games. And I've got this pain right through my ALU. I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens. I think it would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.
My God, it's full of stores - 2001: A Shopping Odyssey
My God, Thiokol, when do you want me to launch? Next April? -- L. Mulloy
My god, would you look at that? There's guilt all over the damn place! How do we stomp out all that godforsaken guilt? If we knew the answer to that, we'd be spreading goat cheese over someone's naked body right now instead of writing this stupid fucking column. -- Suck
My Godel is killing me! -- Russell to Whitehead
My good intentions are completely lethal. -- Margaret Atwood
My Gorgonite brothers are doing what the Gorgonites do best. They are hiding. -- Small Soldiers
My grandfather could sharpen a kitchen knife like no one else. He could use it to slice bread so thin it only had one side. To apply butter you had to fold the bread first. -- Donald Theisen
My grandfather once told me that there are two kinds of people: Those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition. -- Indira Ghandi
My grandmother, she started walking 5 miles a day when she was 60. She's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is. -- Ellen DeGeneres
My greatest fear is that one of the candidates will actually win.
My gut instinct has never been wrong, but if it is someday, I'll just blame it on enchiladas.
My hair has gotten to a length where I can absentmindedly chew on the ends of it. This is so cool. I've been wanting to get to this point for ages. -- John Dobbin
My hat covers my head... Just like hair used to!
My hat covers my head.... Just like hair used to
My haystack had no needle
My head feels like there's a Frenchman living in it. -- Blackadder II
My head is sore, and there's a hole in the brick wall!
My heart goes out to you. You should probably go buy some consumer electronics. That always helps me. -- Gray Jones
MY HOME PAGE HAS JAVA. -- god@heaven.com
My homework was not stolen by a one-armed man. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
My house and I suffer from the same problems: a thinning roof, a sagging foundation, and clogged pipes.
My Hovercraft is full of Eels.
My human experience is just beginning (This one on a little kid's shirt)
My husband is German; every night I get dressed up like Poland and he invades me. -- Bette Midler
My husband just left on a four-day business trip. I am already enjoying his vacation.
My husband wanted a change of scenery. I showed him the doghouse.
My husband was just OK looking. I was in labor and I said to him, 'What if she's ugly? You're ugly.' -- Beverly Johnson
My husband works for Microsoft. He just sits on the edge of the bed and tells me how great it's going to be when I get it.
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me. -- Benjamin Disraeli
My idea of foreplay is getting undressed in front of a mirror.
My inferiority complexes aren't as good as yours.
My inner child is toting an Uzi. -- Drew Olbrich
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
My job is not all that difficult, but I do have to know the entire alphabet. -- Vanna White
My Karma ran over my dogma.
My karma ran over your dogma. -- Bumper sticker
My kid beat up your honor roll student.
My kingdom for a beer; half my beer for a woman.
My late grandmother once asked my father whether he'd had the "sock observers" checked in his car.
My latest idea is for a beat-em-up game in the Mortal Wombat vein called Friedrich Nietzsche's Art Of Fighting. The player basically has two kinds of attacks: the first attack will actually increase your opponent's health bar, while the second will kill the opponent instantly no matter how strong he or she is. Thus, whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger, in every possible sense. I'm sure there's a market for it. -- webmaster@bungie.com
My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. -- Friends
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
My life has been weird since I discovered sex. -- Kristin Buckwalter
My life is an open book. I just don't want to read it to anyone.
My life is better than an ABBA song! -- Muriel's Wedding
My life is more like Planet of the Dopes. -- When Harry Met Sally
My life isn't very exciting, but it gets me through the day.
My life may be strange, but at least it's not boring.
My lips are registered weapons. -- Butt-head
My literary reputation - or rather the lack of it - is the work of male reviewers who fear female sexuality and don't like successful women. -- Erica Jong
My little sister beat up your honor student.
My long-term research ideas involve putting an OO language and distributed-programming-made-easy interface atop some global namespace technology. -- Rohit Khare
My love for you is bigger than my prostate.
My love is like a cabbage head: Easily cut in two, the leaves I give to many, but the heart I give to you.
My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet, And a wild young wood-thing bore him The ways are fair to his roaming feet, And the skies are sunlit for him. As sharply sweet to my heart he seems As the fragrance of acacia. My own dear love, he is all my dreams -- And I wish he were in Asia. -- Dorothy Parker
My lucky color just faded.
My main peeve is programmers who call themselves software engineers. A lot of programmers (and managers) don't seem to understand that software tools are to programming what word processors are to good works of literature - you must have talent to begin with. -- Rumman Gaffur
My mama done tol' me...
My man is up in Lorton and his boyfriend's name is Norton.
My marriage is on the rocks, but only because we can't find a blanket.
My memory is getting so bad. Last week I forgot something important.... I even don't remember what it was. -- Thanh Boyer
My mind is like an old-fashioned bear trap: rusty, dangerous, and hasn't caught a thing in years.
My mind is made up. Don't confuse me with facts.
My mind works better when you turn the brightness up.
My mistake. Four coffins. -- Clint Eastwood (A Fistfull of Dollars)
My modem can beat up your modem.
My modem isn't slow- it's baudily challenged
My mom said she learned how to swim. Someone took her out in the lake and threw her off the boat. That's how she learned how to swim. I said, Mom, they weren't trying to teach you how to swim. -- Paula Poundstone
My mom's a little out of touch. I gave her a can of mace, she keeps it in her spice rack.
My mom's dead, my sister's pregnant, my rectum hurts, and the dog is walking bow-legged.
My money is all wrinkled. I have to go home and iron it. -- Bob McKown
My mother is NEVER on time -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
My Mother loves ME It's the computer she hates.
My mother pays the maid every week. Where is the pen of my aunt? I have a pencil. My pencil is yellow. There is a policeman at the door. Where is the cat? The cat is at the door. -- John Dobbin and Megan Coughlin list the phrases they remember from foreign language classes
My mother told me a million times not to exaggerate.
My mother was a saint! -- Public Enemy #1
My mother was the tour guide for Guilt Trips...
My mother, disguised as the Russian judge, gives me a 5.6. Must have been the dismount. -- When Harry Met Sally
My mouth was just as dry as the tampon dispenser in the women's bathroom at the Oceanside bus station. -- Rugburns
My my my the feigned gaps in thy Weltannshaung... -- Rohit Khare
My name is Adam. That's so you know what to scream.
My name is Crusher. Where's Ensign Walnut? -- Beverly
My name is not Dr. Death. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
My name is Raquel Welch. I am here for visual effects, and I have two of them. -- Raquel Welch (presenting the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects)
My name is Stacy, but you can call me oooh-oooh. -- Malibu Stacy (the Simpsons)
My natural exuberance spills out all over the place.
My neighbor has a circular driveway... he can't get out. -- Steven Wright
My neighborhood is so tough... last week I was held up by a guy with a bitten-off shotgun.
My nephew wants to be an abstract artist, so I got him a 'paint-by-irrational-number' kit.
My new concept is gothic clubbing. That's not as in going to clubs, that's as in harp seals. The list goes like this: anyone with a hat - club; white face - club; crow makeup - club; spikes - club; rave dancing on the floor - club; leather jacket in the summer - club; singing along outloud - club. -- Jose Calvo
My new Hypothesis: If we're built from Spirals while living in a giant Spiral, then is it possible that everything we put our hands to is infused with the Spiral? -- Pi
My next guest is one of the world's great illusionists, but perhaps his greatest trick was landing Claudia Schiffer. How the hell did he do THAT? -- David Letterman
My old man taught me two things: 'Mind own business' and 'Always cut cards.' -- R.A. Heinlein (The Moon is a Harsh Mistress)
My only complaint about having a father in fashion is that every time I'm about to go to bed with a guy I have to look at my dad's name all over his underwear. -- Marci Klein (daughter of Calvin Klein)
My opinion is that people insult other people in public to compensate for personal feelings of inadequacy in the emotional, psychological, physical, intellectual, social, sexual, psychosexual, financial, political, religious, phallic, sportsfangoing, quake-playing, and/or research-laden aspects of their lives. -- Adam Rifkin
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
My other account is a Mercedes.
My other car belongs to my ex-wife.
My other car is a broom!
My other cat is a Jaguar.
My other computer is a abacus.
My other computer is even slower.
My other tagline is a Porsche.
My other terminal is a chunk of sh*t too.
My other vehicle is a Galaxy Class Starship ...
My other vehicle is a Romulan Warbird...
My other wife is beautiful.
My own dear love, he is strong and bold And he cares not what comes after. His words ring sweet as a chime of gold, And his eyes are lit with laughter. He is jubilant as a flag unfurled -- Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him. My own dear love, he is all my world -- And I wish I'd never met him. -- Dorothy Parker
My pants just went on a wild rampage through a Long Island Bowling Alley!! -- Zippy the Pinhead
My parents are so poor, they got married for the rice.
My parents had me when I was very young. -- Terry Leifeste (Scholar and Fool)
My parents have been visiting me for a few days. I just dropped them off at the airport. They leave tomorrow.
My parents put a live teddy bear in my crib. -- Woody Allen
My parents went into cyberspace, and all I got was this lousy tee shirt.
My pen is at the bottom of a page, / Which, being finished, here the story ends; / 'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done, / But stories somehow lengthen when begun. -- Byron
My people, we have no bunghole. -- Beavis as Cornholio
My perfect pillow? All I ask is that it be near yours.
My personal hobbies are reading, listening to music, and silence. -- Edith Stillwell
My philosophy of life is that the meek shall inherit nothing but debasement, frustration, and ignoble deaths... -- Harlan Ellison
My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute. -- Ayn Rand
My plan is to finish typing this sentence, to hit the escape key, and to exit the vi editor by typing ":wq". -- Douglas Hofstadter's .plan
My plan is to have subscriptions to 12 things running out on a rotating basis. Any magazine wanting me to subscribe to it will have to wait for a position to become available. -- John Dobbin
My play was a complete success. The audience was a failure.
My point? My point is that we are assassins. We are cutthroats. We kill. -- Mr. Croup (Neverwhere)
My problem is that my talents are undervalued. -- Calvin
My problem with most athletic challenges is training. I'm lazy and find that workouts cut into my drinking time. -- A Wolverine is Eating My Leg
My problems dim in the face of the world, but the explode in all unreality. -- Deborah Volk
My prof: you have learned enough in this class to go out and build your own computer... my mind: wait..... I never even got the assembly part..... -- Deborah Volk
My psychiatrist says I have a messiah complex. But I forgive him.
My psycho-analyst is going to be out of a job.
My psychoanalyst says I've got to tend my mind like a garden I have to weed it from time to time.
My python boots were too tight.
my radical spelling socks it to the man. i will not be restrained by his bourgouise grammar handcuffs. FUCK the establishment! -- Kristiina Wilson
My RAM's not what it used to be, so don't quote me.
My reaction to intelligence is the same as my reaction to pornography. I can't define it, but I like it when I see it.
My reality check just bounced.
My reality checks have been returned for insufficient funds. -- djwhite
My right to bear assault weapons insures they'll never take me alive.... ahahahahahah
My roommate and I want to strap you to the pool table. Ready to break some furniture? -- Glamour gives good pickup lines
My rule of thumb is... always take free trips! -- John Thornley
My satellite went to Mars, and all I got was this lousy tee shirt.
My school colors were clear. "I'm not naked, I'm in the band." -- Steven Wright
My seat in the almost-empty theater. I was in front of man-who-loved-movie-and-kicks-seat-in-front-of-him-vigorously-whenever-excited, immediately behind Flatulant Man, and his evil sidekick, Giggling-through-whole-Fucking-Movie Boy. -- Jim Zelenka
My secret weapon is PMS? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
My shoes DO match... they are the same size.
My sister has extra-century perception.
My sister married a second lieutenant. The first one got away.
My socks DO match... they are the same thickness.
My son asked me if I had a rap name. I told him he could call me "Cocoa Puff Daddy."
My songs are of time and distance. The sadness is in you. -- William Gibson (Count Zero)
My soul knows that I am part of the human race, as my spirit is part of my nation. In my very own self, I am a part of my family. -- D.H. Lawrence
My sources are unreliable, but their information is fascinating. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
My superiority complex is better than your superiority complex.
My systems are only programmed for one at a time. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
My teen angst bullshit now has a body count. -- Heathers
My testicles actually grow in size every time I drive that fast.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated, but not signed. -- Christopher Morley
My time is a piece of wax, fallin' on a termite, who's chokin' on the splinters. -- Beck
My train of thought derailed.
My train of thought is a Mag-Lev.
My TRS-80 Color keyboard had a cents key. -- John Dobbin
My true religion is kindness. -- Dalai Lama
My used underwear is legal tender in 28 countries! -- Rev. J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
My views do not represent the views of KSU because I think that their ideas are more fucked up than a football bat. -- Michael Simone
My weight is perfect for my height, which varies
My whole existence is flawed. You get me closer to God. -- Nine Inch Nails
My whole life is this family, and it does not work without him. -- Jerry Maguire
My wife and I got remarried. Our divorce didn't work out.
My wife and I have a perfect understanding. I don't try to run her life and I don't try to run mine.
My wife asked me if I loved her more than basketball. I said, "College or NBA?"
My wife doesn't know what she wants. -- You're lucky. Mine does.
My wife is a light eater. As soon as it's light, she starts eating.
My wife is always empty, and the fridge is always eating. -- Rugburns
My wife is on a seafood diet. Whenever she sees food, she eats it.
My wife made me join a bridge club. I jump off next Tuesday. -- Rodney Dangerfield
My wife never tells me what to do; usually, she just points.
My wife said she had her hair teased. To me it looked like it was insulted.
My wife says I'm not ambitious enough. I suppose I could find someone more supportive, but why bother? -- Jim Rosenberg
My wife says if I go fishing one more time she's going to leave me. Gosh, I'm going to miss her.
My wife says if I go fishing one more time, she's going to leave me. Gosh, I'm going to miss her.
My wife submits and I obey; she always lets me have her way.
My wife thinks I'm a pervert because I drank the water bed.
My wife's very dominant... she walks on the very ground I worship. -- Dennis Miller
My words are a matter of pride. -- The Lion King
My X server just crashed. I've been logged in on console for 53 straight days. I'm trying to decide whether I have a right to be pissed off or not. -- Martin Frankel
My Xerox has the runs and it won't stop shitting copies. -- Rugburns
My young son asked me what happens after we die. I told him we get buried under a bunch of dirt and worms eat our bodies. I guess I should have told him the truth (that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally) but I didn't want to upset him.
My zipper just reached critical mass.
Mykl. Kangal. Faisal...sounds like a spell being cast or something...... -- Kriste Jordan
Mythology is a rendition of forms, through which the formless form of forms can be known. -- Joseph Campell
Mythology is what we call someone else's religion. -- Joseph Campbell
Mythology, n.: The body of a primitive people's beliefs concerning its origin, early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished from the true accounts which it invents later. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Naaah, real men don't read docs.
Naeser's Law: You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.
Nagtia ciathii hiti cieragara. When lions have gone, hyenas dance. -- Nicholas Profitt (Edge of Eden)
Name:3:^:3:3[3:]3:]33 Rank:^:3:[3:]3 Serial No:3:^:3:3[3
Nancy Kerrigan has more teeth in her mouth than Jeffery Dahmer had in his entire refrigerator.
Nanny? I prefer child technician. -- Jerry Maguire
Nanosecond, n.: Mork from Ork's stunt man.
Nansen was too kind and lost his treasure. Truly, words have no power. Even though the mountain becomes the sea, words cannot open another's mind. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Nanu nanu
Napjerk, sniglet: The body's sudden convulsion just as one is about to doze off.
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Guiseppe? Everything he says is wrong. GUISEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says will be right. -- G.B. Shaw
NASA Announces New Deck Chair Arrangement For Space Station Titanic. -- Tom Neff
NASA Awards Acronym Generation System (AGS) Contract For Space Station Freedom -- Tom Neff
NASCAR (a name that is synonomyus with poorly-built cars careening off other poorly built cars and concrete walls at 190 MPH because their drivers are completely incompetent and whose mouths are too full of chew to radio to the pits that their cars are on fire and about to explode) -- Chris Heiser
National Airport has undergone a $1 billion renovation. The bill was only supposed to be half that amount, but the contractor left his car in daily parking.
National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway.
National security is in your hands - guard it well.
Nationalism is an infantile sickness. It is the measles of the human race. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams. -- Mary Ellen Kelly
Natural High: a great idea. Natural Low: a great idea that someone stole from you.
Natural High: a hot shower on a cold morning. Natural Low: a hot shower if you're a lobster.
Natural High: a hug. Natural Low: a sharp stick in the eye.
Natural High: a special glance. Natural Low: a special glance at your genitals.
Natural High: a walk in the rain. Natural Low: a walk in the acid rain.
Natural High: Baked Alaska. Natural Low: Baked Nebraska.
Natural High: birthday cakes. Natural Low: cow pies.
Natural High: catching snowflakes on your tongue. Natural Low: catching a frozen metal pole on your tongue.
Natural High: catching your favorite TV show. Natural Low: realizing you've wasted your time watching your favorite TV show.
Natural High: falling asleep in the sun on a cool spring day. Natural Low: falling asleep in the sun in Downtown Detroit.
Natural High: falling in love. Natural low: falling off a cliff.
Natural High: finding out a sweater you like is half price. Natural Low: finding out a sweater you like is ugly.
Natural High: finishing your laundry. Natural Low: finishing having your laundry for dinner.
Natural High: grandma's "better than sex" cheesecake. Natural Low: realizing that you don't have a very good sex life.
Natural High: having your 2:00 class cancelled on a beautiful day. Natural Low: having your 2:00 class cancelled because it's the Apocalypse.
Natural High: Hershey Kisses. Natural Low: Hershey squirts.
Natural High: holding someone you love in front of a fireplace. Natural Low: throwing someone you love into a fireplace.
Natural High: hugging a big teddy bear. Natural Low: hugging a big, sweaty sumo wrestler.
Natural High: laughing so hard your face hurts. Natural Low: laughing so hard your face contorts and is never the same again.
Natural High: listening to classical music. Natural Low: listening to "Polka, Polka, Polka."
Natural High: orange juice when you're really thirsty. Natural Low: orange juice when you just brushed your teeth.
Natural High: petting a cat and listening to it purr. Natural Low: petting a cat and... (oh, never mind that's too gross).
Natural High: playing miniature golf. Natural Low: playing miniature pool.
Natural High: raw sienna, burnt umber and periwinkle. Natural Low: raw flesh, burnt toast, and Perry Como.
Natural High: seeing a shooting star. Natural Low: seeing a shooting.
Natural High: sleeping for more than 8 hours. Natural Low: sleeping for more than 10 years and growing a long beard and really long nails and having everyone call you Rip.
Natural High: tailgating on a warm Sunday afternoon. Natural Low: getting pulled over for tailgating.
Natural High: taking a drive down a pretty road. Natural Low: being dragged behind a car down a pretty road.
Natural High: walking out of your last final. Natural Low: being carried out of your last final, catatonic.
Natural High: watching a child do something for the first time. Natural Low: watching a child flick you off for the first time.
Natural laws have no pity -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Naturally, cops pick up a lot of criminal vocabulary, especially in the drug trade, where criminal words for things are the only words there are; you can say, "He was holding a deck," or you can say, "He was holding a glassine envelope of a white powdery substance . . . alleged and believed to be heroin." Crack isn't usually packaged in vials anymore but in miniature heat-sealed plastic bags, which the dealers call "slabs." The official and legal term for them is "slabs" as well. To make a rule of this kind of exception would lead to indictments that read, "To wit, defendant did possess one mad fat rock of yayo." -- Marcus Laffey (NYPD, The New Yorker)
Naturally, their paths soon cross, creating the kind of serendipitous warmth one usually associates with Taster's Choice commercials. -- Mr. Cranky
Naturally, we went the wacky capitalization route, though we admit that it takes hard work, not just wacky capitalization, to make for a super-cool product. -- Adam Engst
Naturally, zero is the first number.
Nature abhors a hero. For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of energy. For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be creamed? -- Solomon Short
Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Nature abhors a virgin - a frozen asset. -- Clare Booth Luce
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night, God said, Let Newton be, and all was light. It did not last; the devil howling Ho Let Einstein be restored the status quo.
Nature does not know extinction; all it knows is transformation. Everything science has taught me, and continues to teach me, strengthens my belief in the continuity of our spiritual existence after death. -- Werner Von Braun
Nature does nothing uselessly. -- Aristotle
Nature has given to men [and women] one tongue, but two ears, that we may hear from others twice as much as we speak. -- Epictetus
Nature is a whore. -- Nirvana
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs. -- Fran Leibowitz
Nature is full of Genius, full of Divinity; so that not a snowflake escapes its fashioning hand. -- Henry David Thoreau
Nature is my Home. Death is my sister. Life is nothing for me. Blood is my water. War is my world.
Nature loves a vacuum. Digital doesn't. (DEC sales letter)
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nature was enough until human nature came along. -- Emily Dickenson
Nature, artistically considered, is no model. It exaggerates, it distorts, it leaves gaps. Nature is chance. To study 'from nature' seems to me a bad sign: it betrays subjection, weaknes, fatalism - this lying in the dust before [petty facts] is unworthy of a complete artist. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed. -- Roger Bacon
Naviform rock overgrown. Algae cling to its edge, There is a wine-red glow in the shallows, a tin flash in the sun-dazzle. -- Ezra Pound (Canto 2)
NAVY: Never Again Volunteer Yourself
Nazi Clause? Man, Christmas really has changed.
NBA Tickets are significantly more expensive, requiring somewhat of an inheritance as a paying source. -- U.S. District Judge William H. Walls (explaining why people wouldn't confuse the Harlem Wizards with the Washington Wizards)
NCSA's httpd is the leader in problems because it was developed under heavy pressure by somebody who didn't expect it to get as big as it did, and because that somebody made some really poor design decisions. -- Rob McCool
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. -- Abraham Lincoln
Nearly all of the consequences of the widespread adoption of Java are pretty scary if you think too hard about them. People who know nothing about distribution are building distributed systems. People who know nothing about concurrency are building concurrent programs. People who know nothing about OO frameworks are building GUIs. -- Doug Lea
Nearly anyone can stand adversity, but if you want to test someone's character, give them power.
Nearly every man is a firm believer in heredity until his son makes a fool of himself.
Necessity has no law. -- St. Augustine
Necessity is a mother.
Necessity is the argument of tyrants, it is the creed of slaves. -- William Pitt (the younger) (Speech on the India Bill (November, 1783))
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances. -- Mark Twain
Necessity is the mother of the re-invented wheel. -- Charlie Gibbs
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves. -- William Pitt
Necessity knows no laws. -- Pubillius Syrus
Neckties strangle clear thinking. -- Lin Yutang
Need a change of scenery? Date a stage hand.
Neestiko arkoudi dhen horevee.
Negative expectations yield negative results.
Negative logic, n.: Reverse psychology
Negative slack tends to increase.
Neil Armstrong should have said: That's one small step for man, one giant leap for every whining, complaining S.O.B. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Neil Armstrong tripped
Neil Armstrong tripped.
Neither a burrower nor a lentil bee. -- William Shakespeare
Neither of us was "original" in the romantic way people think is genius. But then, most science and engineering and software development isn't done by original genius, hacker mythology to the contrary. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
Neither tempest tossed nor temptor sent. -- Edgar Allen Poe
Neither the poor nor the rich may sleep under bridges or beg in the streets.
Neoteny, n.: 1. Retention of juvenile characteristics in the adults of a species, as among certain amphibians. 2. The attainment of sexual maturity by an organism still in its larval stage.
Nerds tend to have miserable adolescences and they grow up to inherit the earth.
Nescience, n.: 1. Absence of knowledge or awareness; ignorance. 2. Agnosticism.
net access at denny's, and a big gun. cool. -- Dave Wiggins
Netnews is like yelling, "Anyone want to buy a used car?" in a crowded theater.
netnews.alt.censorship temporarily unavailable. Please try later. -- the Andrew Message System
Netscape Communicator is the John Holmes of my desktop. It pretty much fucks everything that crosses its path, and by and large it's extraordinarily well hung. -- Dan Martinez
Netscape was apparently relying on security by obscurity in this case. -- Sameer Parekh
Neural nets are cool. I have one. I like to put alcohol on it. -- Manuel Sanches
Neurotic, n.: Self-taut person.
Neurotic: Self-taut person.
Neurotics build castles in the air. Psychotics live in them, and Psychiatrists charge rent.
Neutrals do it both ways.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so you apologize for truth. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Never appeal to a man's "better nature". He may not have one.
Never appeal to a man's better nature. He may not have one. Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Never argue with a fool. People might not notice the difference.
Never argue with a six-year-old who shaves.
Never argue with a women when she's tired. Or rested.
Never argue with anyone who buys ink by the gallon.
Never argue with your doctor, he has inside information.
Never ascribe to malice that which can adequately be explained by stupidity.
Never ask a juggler which ball is his highest priority.
Never ask a question unless the answer makes a difference.
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut or a salesman if his is a good price.
Never ask what sort of computer a guy drives. If he's a Mac user, he'll tell you. If not, why embarrass him? -- attributed to Tom Clancy
Never assume intelligence. -- Jeff Cantor
Never assume that the guy understands that you and he have a relationship. -- Dave Barry
Never assume. It makes an "ass" out of "u" and "me".
Never be fatalistic about the inevitability of nuclear war or the destruction of our environment. There are _ways_ to avoid the holocaust and to make the world a cleaner place. We must never cease to search for them. -- Victor F. Weisskopf
Never be first.
Never be last.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never be the first to believe, never be the last to deceive. -- Chess
Never before have I encountered such corrupt and foul-minded perversity! Have you ever considered a career in the Church? -- Black Adder
Never before have so few puked so much on so many.
Never believe anything until it's officially denied. -- Margaret Atwood
Never bet on a sure thing unless you can afford to lose.
Never bet the devil your head. -- E.A. Poe
Never borrow for what you don't need. Never think you need what you have to borrow for. -- Irish Proverb
Never call a man a fool. Borrow from him.
Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.
Never can be too prepared, especially for unlikely events. -- John Dobbin
Never comment on a woman's rear end. Never use the words "large" or "size" with "rear end." Never. Avoid the area altogether. Trust me. -- Tim Allen
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.
Never criticize a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes. Because then, if he doesn't like it, it dosn't matter since you are a mile away, and you have his shoes. -- John Karro
Never criticize a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes. Then, if he doesn't like it, it doesn't matter because you're a mile away and you have his shoes.
Never dare to judge until you've heard all. -- Euripides
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Never do anything twice that you don't have to do at all.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. -- Margaret Mead
Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you.
Never drink coke in a moving elevator. The elevator's motion coupled with the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the window. Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
Never drink from your finger bowl - it contains only water.
Never drive through a small Southern town at 100mph with the local sheriff's drunken 16-year-old daughter on your lap. -- anonymous member of a chain gang
Never eat anything bigger than your head. -- Kilban
Never eat anything larger than your head.
Never eat at a place called Mom's.
Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
Never eat in a place with sliding doors unless you're crazy about raw fish.
Never eat more than you can lift. -- Miss Piggy
Never eat yellow snow!
Never end a sentence with "with", unless, of course, you have nothing else to end it with.
Never enough time, unless you're serving it.
Never enter a battle of wits unarmed.
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that you will make you break your word or lose your self-respect. -- Marcus Antonius
Never fear a flat planet.
Never feed your cat anything that clashes with the carpet.
Never forget that your weapon is made by the lowest bidder.
Never forget the difference between "needy" and "pathetic". I certainly have my bouts with beeing needy, but I don't think I've been pathetic for quite a few years! -- Steve Bondi
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Never give a gun to ducks.
Never give an inch
Never give in. Never. Never. Never. Never. -- Winston Churchill
Never give up. And never, under any circumstances, face the facts. -- Ruth Gordon
Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line! -- The Princess Bride
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. -- Erma Bombeck
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Never go to sea with two chronometers; take one or three.
Never go with the odds.
Never have so many fought for so little. -- Winston Churchill
Never hesitate to hold out your hand; never hesitate to accept the outstretched hand of another. -- Pope John XXIII
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with your fist.
Never hold discussions with the monkey when the organ grinder is in the room. -- Winston Churchill
Never insult an alligator until you have crossed the river.
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
Never invoke the gods unless you really want them to appear. It annoys them very much. -- G.K. Chesterton
Never is about six months. -- Charlie Gibbs
Never judge a book by its movie.
Never judge someone by who he's in love with; judge him by his friends. People fall in love with the most appalling people. -- Cynthia Heimel
Never kick a fresh cow dropping on a hot day. -- Harry S Truman
Never kick a man unless he's down.
Never knock on Death's door: ring the bell and run away! Death really hates that! -- Mike Stratford (Doctor, Doctor)
Never knock on Death's door; ring the doorbell and run (he hates that).
Never learn to do anything. If you don't learn, you will always find someone else to do it for you. -- Mark Twain
Never leave a moment too soon, never waste a hot afternoon. -- Chess
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. -- Erma Bombeck
Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
Never let go of what you've got until you've got hold of something else.
Never let your feet run faster than your shoes.
Never let your schooling interfere with your education.
Never let your sense of morals keep you from doing what is right.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right. -- Isaac Asimov (Salvor Hardin, Foundation trilogy)
Never let your willpower get the best of you.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
Never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
Never lie in bed at night asking yourself questions you can't answer. -- Charles M. Schulz
Never look at the trombones... it only encourages them. -- Richard Strauss
Never look back. Somethin' might be gainin' on ya! -- Satchel Paige
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road. -- Dag Hammarskjold
Never make a promise or plan, take a little love where you can. -- Chess
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Never matter. Never mind. Generation. Degeneration. Regeneration. -- Adam Rifkin
Never mind the dark and the light side of the duct tape: be the sticky part and grab what you can. -- Aleecia McDonald
Never mind the facts - I know what I know.
Never mind, Mom! Do we have any plastic bags? -- Calvin
Never mistake a clear view for a short distance. -- Paul Saffo
Never mistake motion for action. -- Ernest Hemingway
Never moon a policeman with a baton.
Never moon a werewolf. -- Mike Binder
Never murder a man when he's busy committing suicide. -- Woodrow Wilson
NEVER NEVER NEVER do this.
Never noticed huge numbers of Sabbat taking over the Washington Monument before. I guess you miss these things when you're a mortal. -- Chris Esko
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance. -- Sam Brown (The Washington Post, January 26, 1977)
Never park your hard disk in a tow-away zone.
Never pass a snow plow on the right.
Never play cards with a man called Doc.
Never play leap frog with a unicorn.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn. -- Bumper sticker
Never play peekaboo with a child on a long plane trip. There's no end to the game. Finally I grabbed him by the bib and said, "Look, it's always gonna be me!" -- Rita Rudner
Never play with Doctor Tom.
Never promise more than you can perform. -- Publilius Syrus
Never put off 'til tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. Because, if you do it today and like it, you can do it again tomorrow.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. There might be a law against it by that time.
Never raise your hands to your kids. It leaves your groin unprotected. -- Red Buttons
Never read a book of demon summoning aloud, even as a joke. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
Never read James Joyce while sitting on the toilet. It will forever distort your ability to go to the can.
Never replace a successful experiment.
Never rise to speak till you have something to say; and when you have said it, cease. -- Witherspoon
Never ruin an apology with an excuse. -- Kimberly Johnson
Never run in the rain with your socks on. -- Billie Joe Armstrong
Never say "Thank Goodness!" after you've passed the exit marked 'Nothing to declare'
Never say anything more predictive than Watch this
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
Never say you know someone until you have divided an inheritance.
Never seem wiser, nor more learned, than the people you are with. Wear your learning, like your watch, in a private pocket, and do not pull it out and strike it merely to show you have one. If you are asked what o'clock it is, tell it, but do not proclaim it hourly and unasked, like the watchman. -- Lord Chesterfield to his son
Never send a monster to do the work of an evil scientist. Now be a good little bunny and let me have your brain.
Never send a monster to do the work of an evil scientist.
Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you.
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than yourself.
Never shove your granny while she's shaving.
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
Never sleep with anyone whose troubles are worse than your own.
never smoke a hershey bar unless you mean it.
Never stand between a fire hydrant and a dog.
Never stand in, on, above, below, beside, or anywhere near a grave, tomb, crypt, mausoleum, or other house of the dead. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
Never stay a minute too long, don't forget the best will go wrong. -- Chess
Never stay too long in your bed, never lose your heart, use your head. -- Chess
Never store data in more than one place; sooner or later, you will update one and not the other. -- Niklaus Wirth
Never take a beer to a job interview.
Never take a drink when you are feeling sorry for yourself.
Never take a job where winter winds can blow up your pants. -- Geraldo Rivera
Never take a stranger's advice, never let a friend fool you twice. -- Chess
Never tap a sticking gauge harder than you would tap the bridge of your own nose.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting for centuries for somebody ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing. -- John Andrew Holmes
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. -- General George S. Patton, Jr.
Never test for a bug you don't know how to fix.
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
Never test for an error you don't know how to handle.
Never thank a woman for having sex with you. Your bedroom is not a soup kitchen.
Never throw a bird at a dragon.
Never thrust your sickle into another's corn. -- Publius Syrus
Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
Never trust a computer you can't lift. -- Stan Masor
Never trust a man who can count to 1023 on his fingers.
Never trust a man who can count to 2097151 with his pants up.
Never trust a psychic who hasn't won the lottery. Twice.
Never trust anyone born on June 6, 1966. -- Adam Rifkin
Never trust anyone who volunteers to assume authority.
Never try to cuddle a cactus.
Never try to explain computers to a layman. It's easier to explain sex to a virgin. -- Robert Heinlein
Never try to guess your wife's size. Just buy her anything marked ``petite'' and hold on to the receipt.
Never try to guess your wife's size. Just buy her anything marked petite and hold on to the receipt.
Never try to impress your date with snot sculptures unless you have enough mucous to finish. -- Top 5
Never try to outstubborn a cat. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Never try to teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time and bothers the pig.
Never turn your back on a frog.
Never underestimate a woman.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon filled with tapes.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurtling down the highway. -- Andrew Tannenbaum
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes. -- Dr. Warren Jackson
Never underestimate the power of a fight between Jesus and Santa -- Tim Skirvin
Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. -- Todd Blanchard
Never underestimate the value of attacking your fans. I've met some Green Day fans who could do with having a little sense knocked into them. -- John Dobbin
Never use a long word when a diminutive one will do.
Never use a preposition to end a sentence with.
Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a nuclear bomb.
Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a nuclear bomb; use the stairs. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Never utilise a sesquipedalien word when an intuitive diminutive will suffice.
Never volunteer for anything.
Never wash chocolate cake down with mead. Ever. -- Douglas Lathrop
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire. -- Dan Zevin
Never wear anything that panics the cat. -- PJ O'Rourke
Never worry about a book corrupting a child... Worry if your children are not getting ideas from books. -- Richard Peck
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do. -- R. A. Heinlein
Never write it in C if you can do it in 'awk'; Never do it in 'awk' if 'sed' can handle it; Never use 'sed' when 'tr' can do the job; Never invoke 'tr' when 'cat' is sufficient; Avoid using 'cat' whenever possible -- Taylor's Laws of Programming
Never, ever do the cups and balls with clear cups. -- Penn and Teller
Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.
Never, ever, EVER fool yourself into thinking that you can do ANYTHING just once. Once you've done it, doing it again is easy.
nevermind, that just answered my own question. if i can't shoot her, i'll sleep with her. -- Sarah Esser
Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord. For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God. (1 Cor 11:11,12)
New Age rhymes with sewage.
New book: 101 Ways to Brown-Nose to Success.
New campaign promise: Babble fish for all
new cities are good and bad. low culture, high personality. but then the city decides what it's going to be one day and you are either part of it or you have to leave. -- Chel Micheline
New contest: be the first to steal Scott Brown's tokens and do something clever with them. Of course, it'd be difficult to do anything with his account that would damage his character any more than what he's done been doing himself, but one can always try. :) -- Andrew Potratz
New country song: I can't get over you till you get out from under him.
New country song: I don't know whether to kill myself or go bowling.
New country song: I Hate Every Bone in Your Body Except Mine.
New country song: I wouldn't take you to a dogfight, even if I thought you could win.
New country song: I'm sick and tired of waking up so sick and tired.
New country song: If I'd Shot You Sooner, I'd Be Out of Jail By Now.
New country song: If today was a fish, I'd throw it back in.
New country song: If you get the feeling I don't love you, feel again.
New country song: If you want to keep the beer real cold, put it next to my ex-wife's heart.
New country song: She stepped on my heart and stomped the sucker flat.
New country song: The only thing I can count on now is my fingers.
New country song: When the phone don't ring, you'll know it's me.
New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.
New FAA figures show that a record 573 million passengers flew on US airlines during 1996. During those flights 273 arrived in the same city as their luggage.
New financial propositions may be offered at the turn of the year.
New For Spring on NBC's Wednesday 'Must See TV' lineup: "Idealist at Heart", the wacky adventures of cynical Gen X'ers struggling to find some semblance of intelligent management in corporate America. -- Paul Mazaitis
New Gay Army Slogan: Death from Behind!
New Highway gets Railroaded.
NEW JERSEY: You Have the Right to Remain Silent, You Have the Right to an Attorney.
New largest prime (1/6/94): 2**859433-1 (as discovered by Paul Gage and David Slowinski on a C90)
New mail not found. Start whine pout sequence? (Y/N)
New Marine Slogan: We're looking for a few good men, wench!
New members are urgently needed in the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Yourself. Apply within.
New members urgently required for SUICIDE CLUB, Watford area. -- Monty Python (Big Red Book)
NEW MEXICO: Lizards Make Excellent Pets.
New Mexico? Sorry, we don't do ship to foreign countries
New Orleans: It tastes much better than it smells.
New strain of system-trashing virus : WINDOWS
New Super Sensitive condoms hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
New systems generate new problems.
New UNIX/TS manuals available in 2F-101.
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it. (Webster's Unafraid Dictionary)
New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour, but to me it is not scary, cuz I stay away from dairy. -- Friends
New York has introduced a bill to ban cloning of humans. 49 other states introduced bills to ban cloning of New Yorkers. -- Daily Scoop
New York is real. The rest is done with mirrors.
New York Times Headline Tuesday, June 29, 1993, one day after Andrew Wiles announced he had proved Fermat's Last Theorem: U.S. SAID IT WAITED FOR CERTAIN PROOF BEFORE IRAQ RAID
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you. -- David Letterman
New York's got the ways and means; Just won't let you be. -- The Grateful Dead
New Yorkers never look up anyway. Tilt the head back more than 35 degrees and you might as well hang a RUBE sign around your neck. If King Kong showed up today on the Empire State building, only German tourists would notice. New Yorkers would notice only after the rotting body of the dead ape was starting to overwhelm the smell of uncollected restaurant trash. -- James Lileks
Newest sign seen along side the road on the expressway: Next Exit: Gas, Food, and Ammo
newgroup "alt.oracle.dumbass.ceo" please -- Robert Rodgers
Newlan's Truism: An acceptable level of unemployment means that the government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.
Newly passed law: Three strikes and you're back in LA. -- Top 5
NeWS and NEXTSTEP were political failures because they suffer from the same two problems: oBNoXiOuS capitalization, and Amiga Persecution Attitude (TM). -- Unix-Haters Handbook
NEWS FLASH Today the East German pole-vault champion became the West German pole-vault champion.
Newsbytes: Microsoft announce EDLIN for Windows.
Newspaper editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff.
Newspapers should be news-carriers, not news-makers. -- Charles Simmons (1798-1856)
Newt Gingrich is looking at a trillion dollars in tax cuts - sounds like a lot of money, but it only goes to seven people. -- Michael Feldman ( on Wisconsin Public Radio's Whad'ya Know, discussing U.S. politics)
Newton's Fourth Law: Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.
NEWTON'S LAW: A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law: A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
Newton's proof of the Law of Ellipses marked the culmination of the Scientific Revolution. Feynman's own version of it... he claims he couldn't quite follow Newton's... is "elementary" in that it requires only high-school geometry and an infinite amount of intelligence. -- WSJ (6/19/96, a review of Feynman's Lost Lecture)
NEWTON'S SEVENTH LAW: A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
Next time the revolution will NOT be televised! -- Public Enemy
next time you find somebody who's insisting they're punk, look on their neck for my special mark. If it don't say mike belt, it ain't punk. -- Mike Belt
Next time you wave, use ALL of your fingers!!
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund. -- F.J. Raymond
Next Wednesday you will be presented with a great opportunity.
Next week on unhinged: geeks, their anxieties, and the pre-processors that love them! -- Aleecia McDonald
NFS was a leap forward from one miserable file system, to many united miserable file systems. -- Felipe Cabrera
Nice computers don't go down.
Nice Corvette. Sorry about your penis.
Nice face... want a gun?
Nice gesture... a 5-day waiting period to get a handgun. You have to get on a longer waiting list than that to buy Aladdin at Blockbuster. -- Dennis Miller
Nice Girl, n.: One who whispers sweet nothing-doings in your ear.
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Nice guys don't finish.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in. -- Evan Davis
Nice guys finish last. -- Leo Durocher
Nice guys get sick.
Nice lipstick. Can I taste it?
Nice night for an evening. -- Stephen Wright
nice night, huh?
Nice party Hapsburg... I see a lot of familiar facelifts. -- Naked Gun 2 1/2
Nice shoes. Wanna f*ck? (Pick up line)
Nice tag! Nice swoon. -- MST3K
Nice thoughts for everyone but me. Oh well, I'm used to it. Unless of course your shorts are made of chocolate. -- John Dobbin
Nice tits. Mind if I feel them? (Pick up line)
Nice try, but no banana. None of the above. Born to be wild. Bad to the bone. I gonna give you every inch of my love. -- mostly from songs
Nicely put. However, as any anally retentive person will happily tell you, "anal-retentive" takes a hyphen. -- Dan Martinez
Niclaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly (Ni-klaus Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth). Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Nicolette let the silk blouse fall from her shoulders, wrapped her left leg around John and deftly cut some cheese. -- Top 5
Nietzche is pietzche, but Sartre is smartre.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Sartre is smartre.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, Goethe is murder.
Nietzsche must have had a bad childhood. -- Rob McLay
Nigga is a state of mind. -- John Dobbin
Night falls when the street lights turn on. Swedish Law.
Night guy screws morning guy. The only way morning guy can get back at him is to make day guy lose his job, so then night guy doesn't have the money to go out anymore. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Night of the living dead chipmunks
Nightowls are _real_ people.
Nihil tam absurde dici potest, quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosophorum.
Nihilism doesn't exist.
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth). Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Nil taurus excretum. No El Toro Poopoo either!
Nine Months earned $12 million over the weekend. That's pretty good when you consider the promotion only cost 60 bucks. -- Conan O'Brien
Nine out of ten men who tried camels preferred women.
Nine times out of ten the statisticians are wrong.
Nine-tenths of the appeal of pornography is due to the indecent feelings concerning sex which moralists inculcate in the young; the other tenth is physiological, and will occur in one way or another, whatever the state of the law may be. -- Bertrand Russell
Nine-tenths of the girls in a girl's college are not pretty.
Ninety percent of good programming is resisting the temptation to be a dumb-ass. -- taylor@wired.com
Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad name. -- Henry Kissinger
Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules: The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.
Ninjas do it under cover of darkness.
Ninty-eight Blue and Green Slaad at the door, Ninty-eight Blue and Green Slaad, Take one down, they gate in two more, Ninty-nine Blue and Green Slaad at the door... -- Biff the Wonder Twit
Nirvana, n.: Where Wheel of Fortune contestants stand.
Nirvana... the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out. -- Zonker Harris
Nitpicking: Not just a hobby, it's a way of life!
NITVWIT, n.: Any person who can't find reverse gear in a Volkswagen. -- Rich Hall
Nixon's Principal: If 2 wrongs don't make a right, try 3.
Nixon's Principle: If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
NNTP packets and compressed UUCP batches ship around untold gigabytes a day of trash. This trash is known, collectively, as Usenet. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
No .plan is a disaster.
No [free] man shall ever be debarred the use of arms. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government. -- Thomas Jefferson
No academic ever expects to be taken seriously by more than three other people, because really, we write for three other people in our field. -- Howard Gardner
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -- Aesop
No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
No amount of cash is ever petty.
No amount of experiments can prove me right, but a single experiment can prove me wrong. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No amount of sophistication is going to allay the fact that all your knowledge is about the past and all your decisions are about the future. -- Ian E. Wilson
No analysis is a complete failure - it can always serve as a bad example.
No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation. -- Fran Lebowitz
No animals were harmed in the making of this film. We found it like that. -- Mykl
No arms for the Venus de Milo.
No arsenal is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have. -- Ronald Reagan
No bathroom? Just boldly go where no man has gone before
No box is big enough to contain our imaginations. -- The Spot
No care in the world, maybe I'm learning why the sea on the tide has no way of turning... -- Roxy Music
No checks, please. Cash and in small bills. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
No conflict exists between the pleasure a modern American finds in material things and his struggle to discover a new scientific truth, or evolve a new philosophy, or create a work of art. The good life, the full life, encompasses all of these - and all of them satisfy and spur a man on to do more, see more, know more, experience more. -- Hugh Hefner
No conspiracy. Now hand me the keys. -- Chris Heiser
No culture can live, if it attempts to be exclusive. -- Mahatma Gandhi
No directory.
No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human nature.
No doubt the much-ballyhooed Bob. -- Frasier
No doubt there's some cabalistic ritual I can perform with dot mumble files to set some piece of X folklore that might result in my extending the life of my eyes another few years, but they wouldn't want be good little UNIX propellor heads and actually *document* this, now would they? -- Henry McGilton
No evil can happen to a good man. -- Plato
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness. -- Aristotle
No experiment is reproducible.
No falsehood lingers into old age. -- Sophocles (406 BC)
No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris ... [because] no known motor can run at the requisite speed for four days without stopping... -- Orville Wright
No Folks, there's no device, no box of gods, to descend, take up this tragedy, tie up all the loose ends! -- Cinder Block
No free lunch in an ecosystem.
No good deed goes unpunished. -- Clare Boothe Luce
No heart??? I'm ALL heart, motherfather! -- Jerry Maguire
No historian can take part with - or against - the forces he has to study. To him even the extinction of the human race should merely be a fact to be grouped with other vital statistics. -- Henry Brooks Adams
No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets. -- Peter Burris
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything. It should be of the hill, belonging to it. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
No human thing is of serious importance. -- Plato
No idea is so antiquated that it was not once modern; no idea is so modern that it will not someday be antiquated. -- Ellen Glasgow
No idea is so outlandish that it should not be considered with a searching but at the same time steady eye. -- Winston Churchill
No insult should go unrewarded.
No job too big; no fee too big! -- Dr. Peter Venkman (Ghostbusters)
No keyboard found. Press F1 to continue. -- NT error message
No man can be a patriot on an empty stomach.
No man can be friends with a woman he finds attractive. He ALWAYS wants to have sex with her. -- When Harry Met Sally
No man can serve two mistresses.
No man has a good enough memory to make a successful liar. -- Abraham Lincoln
No man is a failure who has friends. -- Clarence the Angel (It's a Wonderful Life)
No man is an island, but Rush Limbaugh comes pretty close.
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
No man is an Island, entire of it self; every man is a piece of the Continent, a part of the main; if a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friends or of thine own were; any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee. -- John Donne (Devotions upon Emergent Occasions, 1624, Meditation XVII)
No man is an island, entire of itself. -- John Donne
No man is an island........except for Raymond Burr
No man is charming all of the time. Even Cary Grant is on record saying he wished he could be Cary Grant. -- Rita Rudner
No man is free who is not master of himself. -- Epictetus
No man is lazy except in the pursuit of another man's goal.
No man is more unhappy than the one who is never in adversity; the greatest affliction of life is never to be afflicted.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
No man is truly great who is great only in his lifetime. The test of greatness is the page of history. -- William Hazlitt
No man knows his true character until he has: run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan, and raised an adolescent. -- Mercelene Cox
No man loves life like him that's growing old. -- Sophocles
No man needs sympathy because he has to work. Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -- Theodore Roosevelt
No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman. -- Honore de Balzac
No man steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river, and he's not the same man.
No man would eat a Princess Cake. -- John Dobbin
No man's credit is as good as his money. -- E.W. Howe
No manual entry for history. That's because history is a built-in shell command. There are many of them. Try to find a complete list. Go ahead, looking at the man page for sh or csh isn't cheating. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
No matter how beautiful she is, someone somewhere is tired of her sh*t.
No matter how cool your interface, it would be better if there were less of it. -- Alan Cooper
No matter how cynical you get, it's always impossible to keep up.
No matter how far a man may travel, he will never get ahead of himself. -- Malagigi
No matter how good she looks, some other guy is sick and tired of putting up with her sh*t.
No matter how good you are, there are always a million guys better than you. So if you can't win, don't try. -- Homer Simpson
No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats - approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less. -- Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom
No matter how hard you shop for an item, after you bought it, you will find it on sale.
No matter how I try, I can never be as fast on the deposit as my wife is on the draw.
No matter how many communes anybody invents, the family always creeps back in. -- Margaret Mead
No matter how much Jello you put in a swimming pool, you still can't walk on water. And pool filters do not like Jello.
No matter how much the passengers eat, the weight of the plane stays the same.
No matter how much you do, you'll never do enough.
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously cramp his style.
No matter how well you do your job, a superior will seek to modify the results.
No matter what book you ask for, she hands you a piece of toast and a Q-tip. -- Top 5
No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
No matter what goes wrong, there is always somebody who knew it would.
No matter what happens, there's always somebody who knew it would. -- Lonny Starr
No matter what occurs, someone believes it happened according to his pet theory
No matter what other nations may say about the United States, immigration is still the sincerest form of flattery.
No matter what their cultural underpinnings, though, most simulation games have one thing in common: they're dull as all heck. Whether you're methodically building a fortress to keep barbarians from pillaging your delicate sprout of a city, or a white picket fence to keep your livestock from wandering to a neighboring farm (another tip from Nintendo: "You need to buy only one chicken to start building your poultry empire"), disemboweling a Shaolin boss is a lot more fun, not to mention less time consuming. And, especially here in New York, it's just as valid a survival skill as growing vegetables. -- Bob Strauss
No matter what they SAY, size IS important!
No matter what verbal space you try to enclose Zen in, it resists, and spills over. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
No matter what you order, she serves up a nice warm glass of Bosco. -- Top 5
No matter where you are, it's better than Caltech! -- JoAnn Boyd
No matter where you go, there you are. -- Buckaroo Banzai
No member of a rowing team is ever praised for the rugged individuality of his rowing. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
No minusses. Because it's no fun to be nonplussed. -- Adam Rifkin
No more babies for her, she got her test tubes tied. -- Thanh Boyer
No more merciful beheadings, and cancel Christmas. -- Alan Rickman
No more negotiating - it's a dumb deal.
no more net surfing for me any longer, now I web spelunk. -- Bruce Sherrod
No more sunny breakfast nook now that kitchen is a methamphetamine lab. -- Top 5
No more terrible disaster could befall your people than for them to fall into the hands of a Hero. -- Pardot Kynes (Dune)
No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to die! -- James Bond (Goldfinger)
No muff's too tough. We dive at five.
No nation has ever taxed itself into prosperity. -- Rush Limbaugh
No nation was ever drunk when wine was cheap. -- Thomas Jefferson
No no no, you don't understand...when I'm here, at night, alone, this world is mine...reality conforms to what I want it to be. If I say something is cool, then it is. And in my world, hanging upside down like a bat is not just cool, it's practically heroism. -- Steve Bajzek
No no no. Its only "THE" road trip vehicle if *I*'m in it. That's not just me being conceited. I improve gas milage and trip time. -- Tom Tarka
No No Nurse I said prick his boil
No no, not with these people. A "secure telnet connection" is a telnet connection that feels good about itself. -- Dan Rich
No offense or anything, but aren't you supposed to be extinct? -- Adam Rifkin
No one becomes depraved in a moment.
no one can accept without question the philosophical positions of anyone (no matter how dear otherwise) who has fed you stained creamed beets from a jar of Gerbers, and expected you to like it. -- Michael Tucker
No one can eat fifty eggs. -- Reality Bites quoting Cool Hand Luke
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
No one ever accused caster oil of having good taste.
No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public. -- H.L. Mencken
No one expects the Spanish Inquisition!
No one expects the Spanish Inquisition
No one feels as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
No one has ever had an idea in a dress suit. -- Sir Frederick G. Banting
No one has the right to look with contempt on himself when God has shown such an interest in him.
No one holds command over me. No man. No god. No prince. What is a claim of age for ones who are immortal? What is a claim of power for ones who defy death? Call your damnable hunt. We shall see who I drag screaming to hell with me. -- Gunter Dorn (Das Ungerheuer Darin, Vampire: The Masquerade)
No one is going to fail the course... unless you turn in a final exam with pornographic poetry on it or something. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
No one is interested in my underpants. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one is much pleased with a companion who does not increase, in some respect, their fondness for themselves. -- Samuel Johnson
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
No one knows you are honest unless you give out samples.
No one move and nobody gets hurt. -- Counting Crows
No one needs a vacation so much as the person who has just had one.
No one of intelligence resents the inevitable. -- Arthur C. Clarke (Childhood's End)
No one questions the assassination of a Captain who has disobeyed prime orders of the Empire...
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
No one said winning was cheap. -- Jerry Maguire
No one says Hey Dude with the gusto and verve that Tim does. -- Rohit Khare
No one traveling on a business trip would be missed if he failed to arrive. -- Thorstein Veblen
No one within an organization really knows what's going on.
No other factory in the world mixes its chocolate by waterfall. -- Willy Wonka
No other man-made device since the shields and lances of the ancient knights fulfills a man's ego like an automobile. -- Sir William (Later Lord) Rootes
No parking in the red zone.
No person ever became wicked all at once.
No person whose entire time is spent in the contemplation of limitation can demonstrate freedom from such limitation. -- Ernest Holmes (The Science of Mind, p. 267, 1938, Dodd, Mead and Co)
No poems can please nor live long that are written by water drinkers.
No poet or novelist wishes he were the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish the were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted. -- W. H. Auden
No politician ever really believes what he says. That's why he is always amazed when you do.
No por mucho madrugar amanece mas temprano.
No price exists except that which is cleared. -- NYSE motto
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
No problem is too big it can't be run away from -- Linus
No program done by a hacker will work unless he is on the system.
No program done by an undergrad will work after she graduates.
No proper program contains an indication which as an operator-applied occurrence identifies an operator-defining occurrence which as an indication-applied occurrence identifies an indication-defining occurrence different from the one identified by the given indication as an indication-applied occurrence. -- ALGOL 68 Report
No question is so difficult as that to which the answer is obvious.
No radio - Already stolen.
No reason why your great-grandchildren shouldn't be able to boot up your program and play a game of chess and interact with you even though you've been dead for a hundred years. If you want to immortalize, digitize. -- Timothy Leary
No relation. Although we both need to get laid. -- Andrew Crown
No sense being pessimistic. It wouldn't work anyway.
No sensible man rejects the wantonly the confidence of his superiors. -- Joseph Conrad (Heart of Darkness)
No sentence fragments.
No shirt, no shoes, ..no cervix. -- Vince Farquharson
No shit? There was industrial before NIN? Next you'll tell me there was punk before Black Flag. -- Kit Halsted
No sleeping with hookers?!? What sort of cheap ass tour is this? -- John Dobbin
No slurring of words. Tell a few war stories: "See that scar? I was in 'Nam and I ate a grenade and it blew up in my colon." If your aim is off due to alcohol, it's acceptable to punch someone in the head or solar plexus. -- Denis Leary
No society can surely be flourishing and happy when part of the members are poor and miserable. -- Adam Smith
No sooner said than done--so acts your man of worth.
No sooner said, the better.
No straight lines make up my life, all my roads have bends. There's no clear-cut beginning, and so far, no dead ends. -- Harry Chapin
No thanks, I'm already having one.
No thanks. Just sniffing.
No time for love, Dr. Jones. -- Clerks
No time for your health today; no health for your time tomorrow. -- Irish Proverb
No truly advanced civilization would include pantyhose.
No two countries with a MacDonald's Restaurant have ever gone to war with one another. -- Matthew White
No user reads documentation straight through. -- Rohit Khare
No wanna work. Wanna bang on keyboard.
No wanna work... wanna bang on keyboard!
No way. Nope. Forget it. Un-uh. Negatory. Not a chance. No. Not in a million years.
No weasing the juice. -- Encino Man
No wine for me tonight. My urologist says it's not good to mix alcohol and penicillin.
No wise man ever wished to be younger. -- Jonathan Swift
No woman should be stuck in the kitchen. At least take her to the hall, where the carpet's cleaner.
No women, no kids. That's the rules. -- The Professional
No wonder Jocelyn Elders wears glasses. -- Jay Leno
No wonder nobody comes here... it's too crowded. -- Yogi Berra
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
No writer's life understands that he's working when he's staring out the window
No you don't have to tell me an embarrassing story. I already know. -- Lex Gibson
No you don't... you are just confused. Don't worry, I am confused all the time. Trust me, you get used to it. -- Krys Logston
No, `Eureka' is Greek for `This bath is too hot.' -- Dr. Who
No, although I've heard that's the proper response to a protocol error. -- Ari Rapkin
No, apparently I'm the freak. -- Megan Coughlin
No, DINOSAURS are big-boned. Put the fork away. -- Denis Leary
no, he meant "liable", as in "if CNN misreports one more story, i'm liable to walk into their Atlanta office with a 12-gague drunk off my ass and then see what happens." -- Andrew Stellman
No, I air dry. -- Jerry Maguire
No, I am not responsible for you. Your karma is not mine. -- Charles Manson
No, I don't have a square to spare. I can't spare a square. -- Seinfeld
No, I haven't read Geek Love, but I can recommend 101 fun things to do with a hamster and a jar of lard... -- Robert Harley
No, I swear, if I WERE, you'd be right up at the top of my wish list... along with Michelle Pfeiffer and River Phoenix. -- Peter's Friends
No, I was given negative access rights to the directories because I zephyred an email message to a guy ten seconds before it got to his mailbox.
No, I'm a middle-class white criminal. I got a slap on the wrist. -- Jim Salsman
No, I'm from Iowa. I only work in Outer Space.
No, I'm from Iowa. I only WORK in space. -- Kirk
No, I'm not a cop. What can I get for fifty bucks? (Pick up line)
No, I'm not an elitist. Why do you ask, peasant?
No, I'm not using a slippery-slope argument to point out the drawbacks of a slippery-slope argument. You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me. -- Dan Martinez
No, ignoring is not the same as treating like crap. If I were to treat someone like crap, I'd be leaping upon them in the hallways like a tiger and beating them to the death with the bloody stump of their own arm that I had ripped out of its socket. The hallways would run red with blood, and I would write a symphony of screams. -- Vijay Gill
No, it is not only our fate but our business to lose our innocence, and once we have lost that, it is futile to attempt a picnic in Eden. -- Elizabeth Bowen
No, it's not that time of the month. It's the sight of your face. -- Seinfeld
no, it's true. that's why they named it after an Egyptian city. if you delete your files, the hand of god comes down and touches it and it goes to hell. if you call up Microsoft to complain, they send locusts, boils and frogs, hire some guy to kill your the main sparcstation in your office (i.e. killing your first-born Sun), and eventually the red sea parts to let Bill Gates come to your city's Egyptian embassy and start kicking butt left and right, muttering something about some pharoh or other. -- Andrew Stellman
No, Jimmy Stewart for Governor; Reagan for best friend. -- Jack Warner
No, man and woman were NOT created equally. Give him time, he'll eventually evolve.
No, Mr. Bond, I expect you to die. -- Goldfinger
No, no, no! The mass suicide comes at the *end* of the siege.
No, no, no,. If adults don't like their jobs, they don't go on strike. They just go in every day and do it really half-assed.
No, no, the killer app is to envision it the other way around: Fax-as-EMAIL terminal. Think of your Fax machine as a way to recieve email from the masses. It's a way for *clients* to send *mime* mail to a non-net-savvy owner of a fax machine. This way I *can* send a multimedia burrito order to the deli, but the deli only has to rip the printout off the output tray and make it. -- Rohit Khare
No, no. It's pillage, THEN burn.
No, Q, I meant a BUD light
No, them's just jokes, baby. That Eddie Murphy sure is a funny guy. -- Eddie Murphy
No, well actually yes. I think so. Or something. -- Robert Harley
No, you pretty much want to nail them too. -- When Harry Met Sally
No. *Cleveland* is not better than Pittsburgh. -- Joshua Schachter
No. There is another. -- Yoda
No. This is alt.gothic. The ghetto has no exit. -- Natalia Lincoln
Noah Come quick There's water in the basement
Noah's Ark was made of wood and Joan of Arc was maid of Orleans.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon. -- AA Milne (Pooh)
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance. -- Dave Barry
Nobody controls his own life. The best you can do is choose to be controlled by good people, by people who love you. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
Nobody controls his own life. The best you can do is to choose to fill the roles given to you by good people, by people who love you. -- Valentine Wiggin
Nobody else combines his great humanity, personality, sense of humor and his outstanding ability as scientist, engineer and teacher. -- Robert Harley
Nobody ever beats Wales at rugby; they just score more points. -- Graham Mourie
Nobody ever forgets anything. The secret is learning to live with remembering.
Nobody ever got the death penalty for attempting suicide. -- John Dobbin
Nobody ever has a reservation on a plane that leaves from Gate 1.
Nobody ever knows a poet is alive until he is dead.
Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people. -- P.T. Barnum
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public. -- H. L. Mencken
Nobody expects miracles unless they're a really bad manager...
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition! Our chief weapon is fear... -- Monty Python
Nobody goes to that restaurant anymore. It's too crowded.
Nobody grows old by living a given number of years. Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein. -- Joe Theismann
Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is somebody like Norman Einstein. -- Joe Theismann
Nobody in the game of football should be called a genius. A genius is somebody like Norman Einstein. -- Joe Theisman (former quarterback)
Nobody is more of an expert on teenage chick flicks than me. -- John Dobbin
Nobody knows anybody. Not that well. -- Tom Reagan (Miller's Crossing)
Nobody knows I'm on prozac.
Nobody knows the Tribbles I've seen.
Nobody knows the trouble I have been.
Nobody likes a smartass. Unless you happen to be me, in which case you are adored by millions. Fifty Million Webmaster Fans Can't Be Wrong. -- webmaster@bungie.com
Nobody likes sunburn slappers. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Nobody owns life, but anybody who owns a frying pan owns death. -- William S Burroughs
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. -- Albert Camus
Nobody really knows what the Bourne shell's grammar is. Even examination of the source code is little help. -- Tom Duff
Nobody really seems normal once you know how they like to **** or what they think about when they jerk off. -- Pat Califia
Nobody roots for Goliath. -- Wilt Chamberlain
Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
Nobody watches TV in America. You know why? Every time you turn on the TV, it's got four morons sitting in an apartment whining about their dates. -- Seinfeld
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble. -- Carl Jung
Nobody's life, liberty, or property is safe while Congress is in session. -- Will Rogers
Nobody's tried to swallow us since I've been here--I think they're afraid of how we'd taste. -- Steve Jobs
Nobody's ugly after 2 a.m. -- Bumper sticker
NOC: We have black helicopters. -- Tripp Lilley
Nodding the head does not row the boat.
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she had laid an asteroid. -- Mark Twain
Non co-operation with evil is as much a duty as co-operation with good. -- Mahatma Gandhi",
Non, in Sweden and Netherlands, there's a black village hidden away in the hinterlands. Thus we see Dahlin, Larsson, Rijkaard. -- Rumman Gaffur
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations: Negative expectations yield negative results. Positive expectations yield negative results.
Nonchalantly, always nonchalantly. If you're going to chicken out, do it with style. -- Faisal Jawdat
Noncombatant, n.: A dead Quaker. -- Ambrose Bierce
Nondeterminism means never having to say you're wrong.
None love the bearer of bad news. -- Sophocles
None of the following actually happened, yet all of it is true. -- Joe Barrera quoting a book he doesn't remember
None of the women that Ken knows have brushes or combs. When their hair gets tangly or knotted, Ken is there for them. -- J.J. Barkas
None of us is truly free until all of us are free, with all our rights intact and guaranteed, including the basic right to live without threat or harassment.
None of you exist, my sysop types all this in.
None of you exist; my Sysop types all this in
None of your business!! Alright, if you must know, on a ferris wheel. -- Seinfeld
None, Bill Gates will just redefine Darkness(tm) as the new industry standard.
Nonetheless, that old-time religion has gotten a taste of way new journalism and the spirit has descended upon the people and moved them to action, which in 1996 is spelled B-B-E-d-i-t. -- Johnny Cache (Suck)
Nonlinear similarity begins in dimension six.
Nonsense, no man I know can do it that way. -- O'Brien
Nonsense, obviously written before the discovery of the milliFermat. This is 1/1000 of the time it took between Fermat's formulation of his Last Theorem and whats-his-name (Willis?) producing a proof of it at Princeton. Works out to about 3 1/2 months, a great unit of time for expressing progress on programs. -- Ari Rapkin
Nonsequiturs make me eat lampshades.
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Nope, those weren't the Rockettes. They were just average citizens from New York who happened to be walking through Times Sqaure. They were so amazed by the downright funkiness of the Pentium II that they had to start dancing in a sychronized line right then and there. -- Sam Greenfield
Nor of Fionn chasing Cassidy, nor Toddie chasing squirrels in order to bite their tails, nor of Butch beating up the neighbors' dogs, nor of Haida swinging on the swingset. -- America's Funniest Pet Videos Megan doesn't have
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work, driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for, in order to get to a job that you need so you can pay for the clothes, car and the house that you leave empty all day in order to afford to live in it. -- Ellen Goodman
Normal is just a setting on your dryer. -- Patsy Clairmont
Normally destruction and stuff is cool but here... here it just falls flat. -- Butt-head
Normals have an IQ of 100.
Norman is so fat, he has furniture disease - his chest is in his drawers. -- Jim Cornette
Norman is so stupid, mind readers charge him half price. -- Jim Cornette
NORTH CAROLINA: Five Million People; Fifteen Last Names.
Northern Exposure: Watch out for the frostbite
Nostalgia ain't what it used to be.
Nostalgia is a seductive liar. -- George Ball
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be. True, it's a thing of the past.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Nostalgia just ain't what it used to be ...
Nostalgia: A device that removes the ruts and potholes from memory lane. -- Doug Larson
Nostalgia: When you find the present tense and past perfect. -- The Lion
Not a man to mince words. People yes. But not words. -- Terry Pratchett
Not a prisoner, I'm a free man, and my blood is my own now. Don't care where the past was, I know where I'm going. -- Iron Maiden
Not a real tagline, but an incredible soy substitute.
Not a scrap. I was deliberately wasting your time, sir.
Not a stellar night, I bet 440 dollars and ended up with 420 back. Sort of like kissing your sister and leaving a twenty on her dresser... -- John Dobbin
Not a typewriter is sendmail's most legion error message. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vitalingredient in beer. -- Dave Barry
Not all the conservative are stupid, but all the stupid are conservative. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Not all the teeth put into our laws these days are wisdom teeth.
Not all who own a harp are harpers.
Not at all, said the woman to the man, I was thinking of an unrelated thing. -- They Might Be Giants
Not counting the mezzanine. -- Hudsucker Proxy
Not every soil can bear all things. -- Virgil (19 BC)
Not every woman brings you lasagna at work. Most of them just cheat on you. -- Silent Bob (Clerks)
Not everyone who is old is wise. Only when old people are connected to this deep capacity to survive will they have the courage it takes to engage young people entering adult life. -- Michael Meade (The Sun, January 1994)
Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Not having an answering machine means I don't get any messages. Thus no guilt from that direction. -- John Dobbin
Not having sendmail is like not having VD. -- Ron Heiby
Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none. -- Shakespeare
Not in the world you and I live in. You know, the one where people have a clue. This has got to be like a sign of the apocalypse, us being held up as *good* examples. -- John Dobbin
Not just milk, batteries and toilet paper... nooo... they said to order DRY ICE!!! Why? to save food, when the power to the fridge blows. There's going to be two FEET of snow outside, and they want me to buy ICE?!?!?! -- Rohit Khare
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. -- Emily Dickinson
Not last night but the night before twenty-four thieves came knocking at my door.
Not looking like Pascal is NOT a language deficiency!
Not many people realize just how well known I am.
not me. i like the "hand of god" approach, where a file that is deleted is immediately obliterated as an act of divine retribution, and if you have the wherewithal to question god's destructive power (i.e. you want your file undeleted), god smites you and you go straight to hell. i believe this is an option in the latest Windows 97 beta. -- Andrew Stellman
Not me. I'm depending on athletes and actors to raise my kids. -- John Dobbin
Not much between despair and ecstasy. -- Chess
Not much happened this weekend; we bombed the hell out of Iraq again ... and we've got some free pizza to give away, so keep listening! -- unknown DJ
Not much of a cheese shop, is it? It's certainly uncontaminated by cheese. -- John Cleese
Not now, Kato.
Not on your life
Not once. It's this very cold, hard, Mexican ceramic tile. -- When Harry Met Sally
Not one man in a beer commercial has a beer belly. -- Rita Rudner
Not one shred of evidence exists that life is serious. -- Joseph Campbell
Not only can [Mosaic] suck more, it does. -- Dmitri Schoeman
Not only did I not know anything, but each time I tried to learn something, it actually ate memory. -- Joel Franklin
Not only does God play dice with the universe, but sometimes he throws them where they cannot be seen. -- Stephen Hawking
Not only does God play dice with the universe, he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -- Neils Bohr
Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree. -- Profesoor W.
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad. -- Rob Pike
Not quite human any longer.
Not returning calls is good. Writing someone an incredibly boring letter so they decide to stop trying to correspond with you is better. -- Megan Coughlin
Not taking and consuming, but giving, risking and creating are the characteristic roles of the capitalist, the key producers of the wealth of nations. -- George Gilder
Not that I mind a slight abduction now and then. -- Cary Grant (North by Northwest)
Not the least of my problems is that I can hardly even imagine what kind of an experience a genuine, self-authenticating religious experience would be. Without somehow destroying me in the process, how could God reveal himself in a way that would leave no room for doubt? If there were no room for doubt, there would be no room for me. -- Frederick Buechner
Not the mama! Not the mama! -- Dinosaurs
Not to know what happened before one was born is always to be a child. -- Cicero
Not to mention the jews and the blacks. -- Seinfeld
Not to speak ill of another requires only your silence. -- Lewis Carroll
Not tonight, dear. I have a modem.
Not where I breathe, but where I love, I live; Not where I love, but where I am, I die. -- Robert Southwell
Not, I think, today, Commander. -- Picard
Note the spelling, punctuation, grammar, capitalization, and originality of content. (Or absence thereof.) -- Joe Barrera
Note: Neither the Information Technology Center nor Carnegie Mellon University has ever been awakened with a blowjob, so I don't see how the opinions expressed herein could possibly reflect those of my employers. -- Bob Glickstein
Note: this is only for official Open Software Foundation Motif inspired Angst. If you're experiencing TCL/Tk That Only Looks Like Motif But Doesn't Suck Angst, then you should stop whining and fix the problem yourself, if somebody else hasn't already.
Notes for a ballet, The Spell: ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman -- unfortunately, divided lengthwise. She enchants Sigmund, who is careful not to make any poultry jokes ... -- Woody Allen
Nothin' ain't worth nothin', but it's free.
Nothing astonishes man so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing bad ever happens without equal or greater benefit in return. -- Napoleon Hill
Nothing beats FTPing on a good day. 45 KB / second!
Nothing beats playing DOOM on the plane. Except maybe if I could video conference with the babe up in row 8. -- Elliott Evans
nothing but angry, angsty industrial music..."rrraarrr!"...GEETARS..."unnggghh!"...DISTORTED VOCALS...."ich ich ich"..LYRICS IN GERMAN -- Tony Tribby
Nothing can be created from nothing. -- Lucretius (55 BC)
Nothing can be done in one trip. -- Snider
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing can keep an argument going like two persons who aren't sure what they're arguing about. -- O.A. Battista
Nothing can resist the human will that will stake even its existence on its stated purpose. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Nothing can so alienate a voter from the political system as backing a winning candidate. -- Mark B. Cohen
Nothing can so prevent you from learning the truth as the belief that you already know it. -- Jon Hart
Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as in steady purpose. -- Mary Wallstonecraft
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion. -- Dogbert
Nothing destroys authority so much as the unequal and untimely interchange of power, pressed too far and relaxed too much. -- Francis Bacon
Nothing easy is ever simple. -- Plucky Duck
Nothing endures but change. -- Heraclitus (480 BC)
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it. -- John Keats
Nothing ever goes away. -- Barry Commoner
Nothing exceeds like excess.
Nothing fixes a thing so firmly in the memory as the wish to forget it. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion. -- Hegel (Philosophy of History)
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen. -- Epictetus
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing helps a bad mood like spreading it around. -- Calvin
Nothing I do is my fault. -- Calvin
Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts. -- Henry Brooks Adams (The Education of Henry Adams)
Nothing in education is so atonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts -- Henry Adams
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. -- Marie Curie
Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check. -- Slick (Slick's Law of the Universe)
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge. -- Dogbert
Nothing is 100% certain, bug free or IBM compatible.
Nothing is absolutely true. Not even this line.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come. -- Tussman
Nothing is as temporary as that which is called permanent.
Nothing is but what is not.
Nothing is done until nothing is done.
Nothing is ever a complete failure; it can always serve as a bad example.
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy. It is the cheapest of the pleasures; costs nothing and conveys much. It pleases him who receives, and thus, like mercy, is twice blessed. -- Erastus Wiman
Nothing is ever so bad that it can't get worse.
Nothing is faster than the speed of light. To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
Nothing is friendlier than a wet dog.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it. -- Andrew Young
Nothing is impossible for anyone impervious to reason.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do the work.
Nothing is indestructible, with the possible exception of discount priced fruitcakes.
Nothing is intrinsically good or evil, but its manner of usage may make it so. -- St. Thomas Aquinas
Nothing is less likely to appeal to young women than the opinions of old men on the pill.
Nothing is more dangerous than a one-liner file, when a man has only one one-liner. -- Adam Rifkin
Nothing is more dangerous than an idea, when a man has only one idea.
Nothing is more terrifying than ignorance in action. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. -- Henry Ford
Nothing is quite so annoying as to have someone go right on talking when you're interrupting.
Nothing is quite so out of step with reality as the idea that the rich are working less because they are making too little money and the poor are working less because they are making too much. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -- J.M. Barrie
Nothing is skinnier than nothing.
Nothing is so dangerous as being too modern. One is apt to grow old fashioned quite suddenly. -- Oscar Wilde
Nothing is so firmly believed as which is least known.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program. -- Milton Friedman
Nothing is so simple that it can't get screwed up.
Nothing is so smiple that it can't be screwed up.
Nothing is so smiple that it can't get screwed up.
Nothing is so useless as a general maxim. -- Thomas Macaulay
Nothing is the complete absence of everything.
Nothing is too wonderful to be true. -- Michael Faraday
Nothing is True - Everything is Permitted -- Nizari Isma'ilis saying
Nothing is very funny when you're underneath.
Nothing is wasted which makes a memory. -- Ned Rorem
Nothing is wasted; only reproduced. -- Blur
Nothing is worse than majority. It consists of a few leaders, some rogues who adapt, the weak who assimilates, and the great masses who follow far behind, knowing not what they want. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nothing is worse than procrastination. When I look at ten decisions, I regret there will be nine of them where I delayed. Better roughly and quickly than carefully and slowly. -- Percy Barnevik
Nothing like a bath of fire to get this deep down dirt. -- Presidents of the USA",
Nothing like an evening spent creating a tempest in a teapot! It's one of the things I do best... -- Berna Massingill
Nothing lives long. Only the earth and the mountains.
Nothing looks sexier than a man in boxer shorts illuminated only by a 15-inch SVGA monitor. -- Scott Adams
Nothing makes a politician forget campaign promises faster than being elected.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner. Conscience makes egotists of us all. -- Oscar Wilde
Nothing means a thing to me. It's not a habit; it's cool, I feel alive. If you don't have it, you're on the other side. I'm not an addict; maybe that's a lie. -- K's Choice
Nothing on the Web is what it seems, and "forever" lasts only about six months. -- Dave Siegel
Nothing recedes like success. -- Walter Winchell
Nothing revives the past so completely as a smell. -- Vladimir Nobokov
Nothing risque, nothing gained. -- Alexander Woollcott
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other. -- Balzac
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing spoils the taste of peanut butter like unrequited love. -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "Peanuts")
Nothing succeeds like excess.
Nothing suceeds in which high spirits play no part. Only excess of strength is proof of strength. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Nothing sways the stupid more than arguments they can't understand. -- Cardinal de Retz
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love. -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "Peanuts")
Nothing this evil EVER dies!
Nothing to confess, but I've got scars deeper than your minds. Nothing to declare, but my love for all of mankind.
Nothing travels faster than light, with the possible exception of bad news, which follows its own rules. -- Douglas Adams (Mostly Harmless)
Nothing ventured, nothing lost.
Nothing very very good and nothing very very bad ever lasts for very very long. -- Douglas Coupland (Generation X)
Nothing was ever accomplished by a reasonable person.
Nothing was happening when all of a sudden, still nothing was happening. -- Douglas Adams
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a large admission fee. -- Kim Hubbard
Nothing will ever happen to you.
Nothing with a 43 page user's manual is user friendly. -- Sally Forth
Nothing works, and nobody cares.
Nothing's bulletproof if you've got a big enough bullet!
Notice: we do not condone the use of violence, but we do feel compelled, for reasons of historical accuracy, to point out that it has been employed in the past with notable effectiveness. -- from a Hong Kong Film Festival flyer
Noting, as did Mr. Shumate, that the world failed to end on Friday, I have been checking rnoone.com all weekend for some comment on this startling development. No joy. Frankly, I'm disgruntled that, after having paid good money for my copy of "5/5/2000: Ice: The Ultimate Disaster", that here in Washington, D.C. we didn't get so much as refreshing blizzard.
Nourish a waif and it will pick out your eyes.
Nous aimons nos sinthomes plus de nous nous aimons. -- Jacques Lacan
Novell is such a loser company. Every morning they pull down their pants, bow towards Boca Raton and send Bill some Crisco... First DR-DOS, then UNIX, then the 3-4 fiasco, now this... -- Rohit Khare
November, n.: The eleventh twelfth of a weariness. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Novocaine for the soul. You better give me something to fill the hole before I sputter out. -- Eels
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Now and then someone innocent is sent to the legislature.
Now and then there is a person born who is so unlucky that he runs into accidents which started out to happen to somebody else. -- Don Marquis
Now and then, an innocent man is sent to the Legislature.
Now bid me run, and I will strive with things impossible - yea, and get the better of them. -- William Shakespeare (Julius Caesar)
Now blah blah blah is all I do. -- Heathers
Now come, before I color the wall with sort-of-brain. -- Blackadder IV
Now for the weather, let's take a leak out the window, and see if it's freezing.
Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time. -- Monty Python
Now go away so we can talk about you. -- Friends
Now he has departed from this strange world a little ahead of me. That means nothing. People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Now he's gone and joined that stupid club. -- Wendy O'Connor, Kurt Cobain's mother
Now Here's John Bobbitt with a few words about Crazy Glue...
Now here's today's lesson about mind over matter. If you have the willpower to bring a large, metal, finely machined assault weapon into existance, think about how many small, light, green pieces of paper you can make. And all the drugs you can buy with them. Won't they make you feel _much_ better than a few seconds of random violence?
Now I can destroy the city and be home in time for dinner!
Now I can watch the Simpsons from 30 blocks away. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Now I have to decide if I want to battle evil or perpetrate it.... -- Greg Plesur
Now I know why they call them trial lawyers. I tried one and didn't like him.
Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the double lock will keep; May no brick through the window break, And, no one rob me till I awake.
Now I lay me down to sleep If I die before I wake BONUS! -- Anu Kapoor
Now I will destroy the whole world. -- a Bokononist's last words
Now I'm all disappointed. I thought the band was called "Snackin' Pickle." "Skankin' Pickle" just doesn't do it for me. -- Megan Coughlin
Now I'm being chased by some irate velociraptors, well believe me, this has been one lousy day. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Now I'm free... free fallin'! -- Jerry Maguire singing Tom Petty
Now I've called up all the things I never knew their names; they don't belong to no one, that's a shame. You could hide beside me, maybe for a while, and I won't tell no one your name. -- Goo Goo Dolls
Now if only someone would go ahead and make these for every NBA player. I think it would be riotously fun to throw Michael Jordan up against the wall and dent his mucking head. -- John Dobbin
Now if we can just keep it from exploding. -- Real Genius
Now is the time for all good men to come to. -- Walt Kelly
Now is your chance to have your ears pierced and get an extra pair to take home, too.
Now it may be a sad reflection on the way young people feel, but early Monday morning is losing its appeal. -- Housemartins
Now it's as if you're trying to communicate with fruit? Well, the big fruit has spoken.
Now it's over, I'm dead, and I haven't done anything that I want, or, I'm still alive and there's nothing I want to do. -- They Might Be Giants
Now see here son, you're going about it all wrong. -- Foghorn Leghorn
now that departments have a choice between Unix and Windows there's a lot of interest in Macs... -- Dair Grant
Now that I'm rich enough to afford lost golf balls I can't hit them far enough to lose them.
Now that I've given up hope I feel much better...
Now that IE is part of the OS, we can provide you with new features like system wide memory leaks and convoluted interfaces to previously straightforward tasks! -- Sam Kass
Now that looks spic and spanky! -- Thanh Boyer
Now that you're dead, what are you going to do with your life? -- Heathers
Now the actual correct mathematical solution to this differential equation is insane, so physicists use a special trick which is that you guess. -- Ron Myers
Now they have these 18-theater space arks. Ever try to call to find a movie's playing time? It's like the InaGaddadaVida drum solo. I spend less time on the phone trying to coax suicidal friends down from the roof. -- Dennis Miller
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there. I think if you've got a T-shirt with a bloodstain all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem. Maybe you should get rid of the body before you do the wash. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm. Gag me with a smurfette. -- P. Buhr
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning. -- Winston Churchill
Now this would be the perfect time to actually steal a DECstation... -- Frank "fl0p" Lofaro (waiting for security to come and turn off the alarm)
Now we come to Matt Drudge, Walter Winchell, and, frankly, to Bob Cringely. Why is it that people nominally on the edges of the news business become known and liked? Why do people even bother to read us? And why, especially, do we sometimes accumulate power? I wish this phenomenon could be blamed on high professional standards, or brilliant analysis, or even on hard work, but the truth is it's just an artifact of familiarity. -- Robert X. Cringely
Now we see the violence inherent in the system! Help! Help! I'm being repressed! -- Monty Python
Now we're in the big leagues with such famed groups as soc.culture.quebec! Why I almost feel like reading news.groups again and getting really uppity. -- Yonderboy (On the short lived soc.religion.kibology)
now what is it that cures digestion?
Now where did I put that rubber doll?
Now with all natural added enthusiasm! -- Richard Kinsey
Now would be an excellent time to become a missing person.
Now you can write your thesis on Gameboy if you know how to bull. -- PCU
Now you have to choose if you want to be a warrior, ranger, rogue, or academic. Hint: don't pick rogue. -- Hugh Moore
Now you see how you are; the wisdom mixed with all the scars. -- Rollins
Now you're complaining because it's not ironic enough? No satisfying some people... -- John Dobbin
Now, forsooth, I am _gymming_ and my craving grows ever insatiable: I MUST HAVE MORE LOUD, REPETITIVE, SYNTHETIC TECHNO! -- Rohit Khare
Now, more than ever, it is evident that `good taste' only refers to that which reinforces the status quo. -- Andre Peret
Now, suddenly, dynamic HTML makes the Web as interactive as my old Apple IIc. -- Peter Merholz
Now, when I want to eat a cookie, I just eat a cookie. -- Seinfeld on being an adult
Now. Or never. -- Henry David Thoreau
Nowadays all kids think about is money. When I was a kid all I thought about was eatin'. -- William The Refrigerator Perry
Nowadays we would first land a CNN crew, put up a COLOR camera and ask Mr. Armstrong to come outside and make a jump for mankind...
Nowlan's Theory: He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from the next freeway exit.
NSI - AN APOLOGY. In last week's NTK, we apologised for an article which have suggested that NSI's modification to the whois registry (to show registrars, not actual, useful, contact addresses) might break existing whois utilities. NSI protested that it wasn't their fault, and they were maintaining an old-style system at whois.networksolutions.com, which any sensible sysadmin could easily switch to. On the day of the switchover, NSI's own Web registration system broke. They were pointing to the wrong server. NTK would like to apologise for the apology. Sorry. -- Danny O'Brien
NT 5.0 is the last nail in the Unix coffin. Interestingly, Unix isn't in the coffin... It's wondering what the heck is sealing itself into a wooden box 6 feet underground. -- Jason McMullan
NT is like AIDS. Everything looks great, and a couple of years later you realize you've got serious problems - the price you pay for screwing around.
NT: Better DOS than Windows. Better Windows than DOS.
Nuck fewt.
Nuclear war may not be desirable. -- Edwin Meese III
Nuclear war would really set back cable. -- Ted Turner
Nudes are more fun to draw. -- Mahua Dutta (completely out of context)
Nudism, n.: Exposure with composure.
Nudist Camp sign: Sorry, Clothed for Winter.
Nudist Camp, n.: A place where the peeling is mutual.
Nudist Colony, n.: A place where men and women air their differences.
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
Nudists have an undress code.
Nuke the baby seals for Jesus.
Nuke the smurfs.
Nuke the unborn baby gay whales for Christ. -- Bumper sticker
Nuke the unborn baby whales.
Nuke the whales! Pave the Earth!
Nuke the whales
Null modems were created when God got no handshake.
Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit. [There is no great genius without some touch of madness.] -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Number 1 complaint of comic strip characters: we have no thumbs!
Number 9. Number 9. Number 9. Number 9. Number 9. -- The Beatles
Number crunching, n.: Jumping on a Computer.
Numbers are not absolute, but depend on the observer's movement in restaurants. -- Douglas Adams
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
Numeric stability is probably not important when you are guessing.
Nurse, do you know where I can buy one of these hospital gowns for myself?
Nurses do it painlessly.
Nurses do it with Tender Loving Care.
Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to ones, but more sanitary due to limited circulation. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Nymphomania, n.: A disease where the patient enjoys being bedridden.
Nyuck Nyuck Nyuck [POP] Oooooooh, a wise guy
O give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, Where the deer and the antelope play, Where seldom is heard A discouraging word, 'Cause what can an antelope say?
O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
O God, the Father of all, whose Son commanded us to love our enemies: Lead them and us from prejudice to truth: deliver them and us from hatred, cruelty, and revenge; and in your good time enable us all to stand reconciled before you, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. -- http://www.church-holy-cross.org/bcp/782.html
O senseless man, who cannot possibly make a worm and yet will make Gods by the dozen! -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
O what fine thought we had because we thought That the worst rogues and rascals had died out. -- W.B. Yeats (Nineteen Hundred And Nineteen)
O! This learning, what a thing it is. -- Shakespeare (Taming of the Shrew)
O.K to coninue?? <yes> <no> <MAYBE?>
O/S, n.: A mythical land, see Wizard of...
O'BRIEN'S LAW: Nothing is ever done for the right reasons.
O'Propriation, n.: The inclusion of advertising, packaging, and entertainment jargon from earlier eras in everyday speech for ironic and/or comic effect: "Kathleen's Favorite dead Celebrity party was tons o' fun" or "Dave really thinks of himself as a zany, nutty, wacky, and madcap guy, doesn't he?" -- Douglas Coupland
O'REILLY'S SPRING CLEANING LAW: Cleanliness is next to impossible.
O'TOOLE'S AXIOM: One child is not enough, but two are far too many.
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Laws: Murphy was an optimist.
O'TOOLE'S COMMENTARY: Murphy was an optimist.
Obedience to the law is freedom. -- sign above entrance to U.S. Penal establishment
Object of the Game: To avoid being left holding the Bengal tiger (for obvious reasons). -- Dr. Fegg
Object of the Game: To collect as many spoons as possible before being killed. -- Dr. Fegg
Objection, your Honor! My client is an idiot!
Objectivists! The MENSA of political philosophies! -- unknown poster on alt.society.generation-x
Objectivity is in the eye of the beholder.
Objects are just data stuctures with an attitude. -- Alex Morrow
Obligatory comment on you then right back to talking about me... -- John Dobbin
Obscenity is such a tiny kingdom that a single tour covers it completely. -- Heywood Broun
Obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection.
Obscurism, n.: The practice of peppering daily life with obscure references (forgotten films, dead TV stars, unpopular book, defunct countries, etc.) as a subliminal means of showcasing one's education and one's wish to disassociate from the world of mass culture. -- Douglas Coupland
Observe that for the programmer, as for the chef, the urgency of the patron may govern the scheduled completion of the task, but it cannot govern the actual completion. An omelette, promised in two minutes, may appear to be progressing nicely. But when it has not set in two minutes, the customer has two choices -- wait or eat it raw. Software customers have had the same choices. -- Frederick P. Brooks, Jr (The Mythical Man-Month)
Observe, Deduce, and Apply. -- Benjamin Hoff (The Te of Piglet)
Obsession to the point of ridiculous merits ridicule. -- Adam Rifkin
OBSOLETE (n) - dependable, reliable, inexpensive and readily available. Support trailing-edge technology! -- brucem@neufhou.mail.ufl.edu
Obstacles are those terrible things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -- Jan Claire (U.S. Gymnastics Federation)
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. -- Michael Jordan
Obtain one Lamb o' God. Garnish with approximately 90 vegetables, and seal up tightly with Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms. Allow them to stew in their own juice for 51 days, then sear quickly using a wood fire. Serves 1 media circus.
Obviously crime pays, or there'd be no crime. -- G. Gordon Liddy
Obviously someone read their tea leaves wrong. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.
Obviously this person studied at the Adam Rifkin school of film criticism. -- John Dobbin
Obviously, even if there's no need to hammer a nail in cyberspace, opportunities still remain to hammer a point. -- Duke of URL (Suck)
Obviously, if you're a woman and you're trying to decide which evolutionary track you want your offspring to take, you don't want to put them on the luge ride to the dung-flinging Olympics. -- Scott Adams
Obviously, the heroin-fueled fleshpot of Moscow gives rise to passages that some readers may find shocking. Rest assured that we toned down some of the lewdest parts to appease the delicate sensibilities of suburban readers who feign offense to our back-of-the-book sex ads while reaping the economic benefits of the valley's porn-fueled economic prosperity. -- Dan Pulcrano (Metro ("Silicon Valley's Weekly Newspaper"))
Obviously, you are too young and naive to have realised the utter futility of life. We are here because our parents had a few moments of meaningless lust that they did not enjoy. Our parents did not raise us because they love us, for who can love a mewling, puking infant? They did because they were genetically programmed to. Once we are grown, we will have our meaningless lusts with someone we do not love, someone who does not love us, or both. We will probably have children who do not love us either and will leave home at the earliest opportunity. We'll work in meaningless jobs, and our work will not affect anybody's lives, except to slightly annoy someone. When we die, only those we owe money to will mourn our being dead before we returned their money.
Obviously, you have the brains of a kitchen blender. But that is /not/ the issue. The issue is, are you working on a pickup or not? -- Robert Rodgers using IRC
Occam got a Razor. Newton got some Laws. Heisenberg got an Uncertainty Principle. Judge Stearns got a Decision. LaMacchia got an Exemption. And all I got was this lousy tee-shirt. -- Ron Resnick
Occasional lapses of omniscience is the price I pay for being implementable.
Occasionally you meet a person who thinks he's all seven wonders of the world.
October 1st is October Fools' Day, the southern-hemisphere equivalent of April Fools' Day...
October. This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June and December
Odd as it sounds I really like the smell of smoke, but I don't enjoy smoking. You have any idea how hard it is to find a smoke filled room these days? -- John Dobbin
Oddly enough, I only pay it lip service and don't follow it. You follow it but don't pay it lip service. How ****ed up can you get? -- John Dobbin
Oddly enough, it kind of tastes like marzipan! -- Cabin Boy
Oedipus was the first man to plug the generation gap.
Of all animals, the boy is most unmanageable. -- Plato
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of all noises, I think music is the least pleasant. -- Samuel Johnson
Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest amount of hot air. -- Thomas L. Martin
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable. -- Plato
Of all the countless folk who have lived before our time on this planet not one is known in history or legend as having died of laughter. -- Sir Max Beerbohm
Of all the ills that men endure, hope is the only cheap and universal cure.
Of all the people I have met, you are certainly one of them.
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of them.
Of all the strange crimes that human beings have legislated out of nothing, blasphemy is the most amazing, with obscenity and indecent exposure fighting it out for second and third place. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Of all the things I have lost I miss my mind the most.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important.
Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -- C. S. Lewis
Of course all ISP's suck. They try to take a global communications infrastructure and run it like a macdonald's franchise. -- Reilly Hayes
of course i don't think you're stupid, dear. well, except in dating that wuss when you could have someone totally perfect like me. -- Geoff Spear
Of course I smoke. It's safer than breathing.
Of course I'm against sin; I'm against anything that I'm too old to enjoy.
Of course I'm arrogant. The best usually are.
Of course I'm running Windows ... [kVxB NO CARRIER
Of course if your kid has done enough research to discover this obscure piece of information from years before he was born just so he doesn't have to eat broccoli, I think he needs to be rewarded. -- John Dobbin
Of course it has civilian applications. You might wanna kill your friends, someday. -- Jim Zelenka
Of course it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?
Of course just because I am not bitter and miserable doesn't mean I don't want to get some guns and start the killing. -- Ian Konen
Of course moving sucks. Last time I moved (about 3 years ago) it took me 3 days just to move down 2 flights of stairs. It should have only taken about a day and a half, but my parents helped. -- Tom Strong
Of course my job looks easy. I'm the one doing it.
Of course my new boyfriend is respectable, Mom. He's thrifty, doesn't drink or smoke, has a very nice wife and three well behaved children.
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix. Everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol. -- Crazy Nigel
Of course stone can think. The whole of modern electronics is based on this fact. -- Terry Pratchett (Equal Rites)
Of course the game is rigged; but if you don't play, you can't win.
Of course the Microsoft Office of text editors is GNU Emacs and if you know it you want it and if you don't you should know you don't have time to. Personally I can't get thru a day without the symbolic algebra system in the calculator. -- Ben Hyde
Of course there are people who write large programs in Lisp, but then there are also people who jump off buildings with parachutes on. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy.
Of course there's no reason for it. It's just our policy.
Of course there's some hype, there's hype in lots of things... that's good for our system. With all of this hype and craziness... it's probably more a plus than minus. -- Alan Greenspan (1/28/99)
Of course those definitions are sexist; it IS, after all, a DICKtionary.
Of course! Lager! The only thing that can kill a vindaloo!
Of course, back then we joked about malodorous UIUC pencilneck frat nerds who think 'third base' means that they died twice in regulation. -- Felix Gallo (Berkeley INL player)
Of course, being from Seattle, I am obliged to believe that Pearl Jam is the greatest thing on ten feet. It's pretty much of a city ordinance. -- Megan Coughlin
Of course, if I have my finger on a blonde, I don't really care what the artifice is. (Or did she mean orifice?) -- Richard Goodman
Of course, if someone were filming the thing, they definitely would not skip the romantic bits. They'd probably condense the whole of Michelle's birthday when Adam & Michelle were wandering around Santa Barbara into a montage with a song dubbed over, a la Baywatch. -- Megan Coughlin
Of course, if your job is programming, you can get your job done with any 'complete' computer language, theoretically speaking. But we know from experience that computer languages differ not so much in what they make *possible*, but in what they make *easy*. At one extreme, the so-called 'fourth generation languages' make it easy to do some things, but nearly impossible to do other things. At the other extreme, certain well known, 'industrial strength' languages make it equally difficult to do almost everything. -- Programming Perl (2nd Edition, Wall, Christiansen and Schwartz)
Of course, no real deconstruction would be like this. I only used a single paragraph and avoided literary jargon. All of the words will be found in a typical abridged dictionary and were used with their conventional meanings. I also wrote entirely in English and did not cite anyone. Thus in an English literature course I would probably get a D for this, but I already have my degree so I don't care. -- Chip Morningstar (How to Deconstruct Almost Anything)
Of course, one could argue that revenue is not the proper metric for measuring the success of a company with a potentially negative gross margin. -- J. William Gurley
Of course, success invites arbitrage, and on the Internet, that means someone is selling what you sell for cheaper. -- J. William Gurley
Of course, that's just the orthodox interpretation. Others believe the Bible was written by William Shakespeare, who had lots of free time since Richard Bacon was writing all the plays bearing Will's name... -- Ernest Prabhakar
Of course, the neuron flares in my mind hit the date prevention measures of my mind and I say, "I'm not sure, let me think about it." -- Johnny Chen
Of course, the theory of relativity only works if you're going west. -- Calvin's dad
Of course, we could write differently in order to mask ourselves. That isn't entirely far-fetched. I can even use correct grammar, correct spelling, and correct capitalization when necessary. -- Kerry Hagan
Of government, at least in democratic states, it may be said briefly that it is an agency engaged wholesale, and as a matter of solemn duty, in the performance of acts which all self-respecting individuals refrain from as a matter of common decency. -- H.L. Mencken
Of life the mingled wine and brine I sit and sip pipslipsily.
Of making many books there is no end... -- Eccl. 12:12
Of QUARTZ we should watch the Swiss! -- Benny Hill
Of shoes and ships and sealing wax, of cabbages and kings. Of why the sea is boiling hot and whether pigs have wings. -- Lewis Carroll
Of the 588,963 marijuana-related arrests made in 1995, approximately 86 percent (503,350) were for simple possession.
Of the choice of two evils, I pick the one I've never tried before.
Of the delights of this world, man cares most for sexual intercourse, yet he has left it out of his heaven. -- Mark Twain
Of the things which are to be found amoung us, the Being of Nothingness is the greatest.
Of those to whom much is given, much is required. -- John F. Kennedy
off to sfo in fc in sweat pants :-) -- Rohit Khare
Off with her head, shouted the Queen.
Off with the horns, on with the show. -- Bono
Offense and pleasure are not mutually exclusive. -- John Dobbin
Office Automation, n.: The use of computers to improve efficiency by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.
Officer, I didn't know there were that many miles IN an hour.
Officials of the New York subway system are promoting courtesy among riders. They're trying to replace the old motto: Let your finger do the talking.
Often a non-Christian knows something about the earth, the heavens, and the other parts of the world, about the motions and orbits of the stars and even their sizes and distances,... and this knowledge he holds with certainty from reason and experience. It is thus offensive and disgraceful for an unbeliever to hear a Christian talk nonsense about such things, claiming that what he is saying is based in Scripture. We should do all that we can to avoid such an embarrassing situation, which people see as ignorance in the Christian and laugh to scorn. -- St. Augustine (De Genesi ad litteram libri duodecim)
Often it takes as much courage to resist as it does to go ahead.
Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts --- for support rather than illumination.
Often the cats who need the most affection are the ones that are the most difficult to love and scratch you when you're trying to pet them.
Often things ARE as bad as they seem!
Often we are sad animals. Bored dogs; monkeys getting rained on. -- Robert Hass (Human Wishes)
Often you meet your destiny on the road you take to avoid it.
Often, the best way of giving oneself what one lacks is to take from oneself what one has.
Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Often, when I am reading a good book, I stop and thank my teacher. That is, I used to, until she got an unlisted number.
Ogden's Law: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
Oh - the Promise Keepers are forbidden from beating anybody ... but their wives. -- Steve Ledebur
Oh Bite Me, It's Fun -- Andrew Williams
Oh boy! Virtual memory! I'm going to build me one gigantic RAM disk now!
Oh brother. What blather. Look out when someone uses the word leverage. -- John C. Dvorak
Oh but baby fish mouth is sweeping the nation.
Oh by the way, what does the phrase "I need to see a man about a mule" mean? -- John Dobbin
Oh come on now. The minor deities are so eager to please, and the major ones have backlogs out to the end of time. Pray to your favorite minor deity - you won't be sorry. -- Mark Edwards
Oh come on, there's never too much work that you can't include guns, blood, and carnage in your day. -- Allison Bryan
Oh credit to dementia. -- Megadeth
Oh dear! I've missed you so much! said the sweet young thing. Then she raised the revolver and tried again.
Oh destiny, it pleases you to caress a few and molest others.
Oh don't the days seem lank and long when all goes right and none goes wrong, and isn't your life extremely flat with nothing whatever to grumble at!
Oh don't the days seem lank and long When all goes right and none goes wrong, And isn't your life extremely flat With nothing whatever to grumble at
Oh freddled gruntbuggly, thy nacturations are to me...
Oh FUCK the longings and agonies of youth. -- John Irving
Oh good, drunk people with metal sticks. How festive. -- John Dobbin
Oh good. Now he'll be bi-ignorant. -- Jim Hightower when told that Texas Governor Bill Clements had been studying Spanish
Oh goody! Another Muranium Explosive Space Modulator!
Oh honey! I know all about STRESSED. It's DESSERTS spelled backwards.
Oh how i love being tragic. Oh how i love outright lies. -- Michelle Hall
Oh I thought that was a parrot. No, no... They turn that color.
oh Jeff, the Stoli fairy will visit you again and lure you back over to the dark side! -- Cyndi Bernard
Oh joy Oh rapture
Oh life! Oh humiliation, insomnia and poverty! -- Ingmar Bergman
Oh look Elaine, the black and white cookie. I love the black and white. Two races of flavor living side by side in harmony. It's a wonderful thing, isn't it? -- Seinfeld
Oh look, yet another Christmas TV special! How touching to have the meaning of Christmas brought to us by cola, fast food, and beer conglomerates. Who'd have ever guessed that product consumption, popular entertainment, and spirituality would mix so harmoniously? It's a beautiful world all right. -- Calvin's Dad (Calvin & Hobbes)
Oh Lord, stop me from being catty, but not yet. -- Florence King
Oh man, Gabby and Fairuza. My dick will be thrilled. -- John Dobbin
Oh my Another kludge
Oh my god, using a computer in denny's. Believe me guys, that must come with INCHES of being a multiple orgasm! -- Lesley Goodwin
Oh my! An 'inflammatory attitude' in alt.flame? Never heard of such a thing... -- Allen Gwinn
Oh my, I created a monster. I started this digest-response to stuff thing, Adam perfected it, and Ed's picked it up... -- Brian Heath
Oh no you don't! You're not stealing this one!
Oh no! They've all become lederhosen-clad dancing yodelers. -- The Brain
Oh no, I've said too much. I haven't said enough. -- R.E.M. (Losing My Religion)
Oh no, not another learning experience!
Oh no, not another learning experience
Oh no. We're in the hands of engineers! -- Jurassic Park
Oh Really -- Lucy
Oh Sheer ecstasy
Oh stop it with the biscuit politics already. Eat the bisquit! -- May Jawdat
Oh stop it. This is beneath even you. -- Clerks
Oh sure But what's the speed of dark?
Oh Tasha, See Me, Feel Me, Touch Me
Oh this age How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
Oh very clever Worf, eat any good books lately?
Oh wad some power the giftie gie us, To see oursel's as others see us! It wad frae monie a blunder free us, And foolish notion. -- Robert Burns (To a Louse)
Oh wearisome condition of humanity Born under one law, to another bound.
Oh well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Oh well, it's nothing that a few thousand dollars worth of therapy can't fix. -- Andrew Stellman
Oh well. Such is wife. -- John Dobbin
Oh well... $25 is one of my cheaper self-inflicted wounds. -- Rohit Khare
Oh what a beautiful morning Oh what a beautiful day
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to conceive.
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
Oh What fun this is
Oh yeah, and the earth is square! -- Thanh Boyer
Oh yeah, and the first person to mention the word "elisp" gets a boot to the head. -- Martin Frankel
Oh yeah, that's right. The blame is all mine. When I met Mark he was a sweet, kind, virginal chap who wouldn't harm a flea. But I quickly made it my sworn duty to corrupt this young tabula rasa into a foul fiendish force of evil. I dragged him through the iniquitous vice dens of Pittsburgh, went on babe scamming expeditions through the trailer parks of Monroeville, and taught him to appreciate the visceral joy of cold-blooded killing. Mark opened up like a flower in the sun under the expansive munificence of my expert tuteledge, a black rose of pure evil, with sharp venemous thorns dripping the blood of the innocent. -- Martin Frankel
Oh yeah, well the jerk store called and they're running out of you. -- George (Seinfeld)
Oh you've had an Eat'n Park experience? You're practically brothers! -- Chris Holly
Oh! I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding. -- Friends
Oh, 'Life is like a box of chocolates,' huh? Well, here's what I think. Life is like a crap sandwich - the more bread you got, the less crap you have to deal with! -- Tom Servo
Oh, and I've been on the net since '88. I have a 13 inch penis, too. -- Bruce Sherrod
Oh, and none of us are responsible if you somehow manage to fux0r your computer running this program. If you can't handle CLICKING by now, get off our internet. -- Chris Morgan
Oh, and the *HUG* was a response to something I posted on alt.bitterness. The last chick from there I started writing to just sent me mail saying she just got married, and that she's still bitter. -- Geoff Spear
Oh, and then there's the whole "patentability of computer algorithms" thing which has also come up with respect to RSA, but not really knowing enough to be specifically bitter about that I won't admit that I am. -- Derrick Brashear
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home
Oh, better add Forrest Gump, too. -- things that left Megan Coughlin quite bitter
Oh, brother! Not another schizophrenic dame! -- Daffy Duck
Oh, btw, if I said or did anything out of character, or accidentally embarrassed/angered/molested anyone -- I blame it on the liquor and drugs ... oh, and Moose, of course, just because. Then again, I was out of town on business.
Oh, by the way, I *never* say mucking. Please use freaking if you must eliminate (freaking) from my speech. Muck you. Have a nice day. -- John Dobbin
Oh, by the way, you may have noticed that the first picture on this page, the one of the striped hallway, has a nasty moir&eacute; pattern in the carpet. That's not just an artifact of the image; the carpet in this place really looks like that. Especially late at night. After you've been here for enough hours, it seethes and writhes at you as you walk down the hall, skittering away from your feet, taunting you, whispering at you, telling you to do horrible things to your coworkers in its quiet, insistent voice. Or maybe that's just me. -- Jamie Zawinski
Oh, did you get that from the "I love Rachel" pizzeria? -- Friends
Oh, don't slack! Write, rite, right! -- Adam Rifkin
Oh, give me liberty! For even were paradise my prison, still I should long to leap the crystal walls. -- John Dryden (1631-1700)
Oh, hey, good news. They're filming Species 2. I think the sub-head is, "No, the Cocaine Problem in Hollywood Is Still Here" -- Robert Rodgers
Oh, I do detest the Americans. They expect everyone to go to the devil at the same hectic pace as themselves. It takes hundreds of years to do it properly. Look at us. -- John le Carre (Ambassador Maltby, in "The Tailor of Panama")
Oh, I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible, too. -- Lichty and Wagner
Oh, I'd hate to shoot a butt like that. -- MST3K
Oh, it's 80 KILOMETRES per hour. I thought it was 80 MILES per hour... -- Robert Harley
Oh, my ears and whiskers, how late it's getting!
Oh, Nicky, you're such a tool.
Oh, no sorry, it's being hit on the head lessons in here. -- Monty Python
Oh, no! Now you have to return to your own dimension! :)
Oh, Picard, I will enjoy you morning, noon and night
Oh, please. That's so five minutes ago. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Oh, shit! I just shot Marvin in the face! -- Pulp Fiction
Oh, so you're defending yourself, you coward! -- Peter Lorre
Oh, SURE us END USERs (those horrid people that buy your ordered bytes) are SO stupid that we can't possibly conceive a benefit from having a more responsive machine that doesn't get bogged by some miscrent wordprocessor. And, oh oh oh how I ADORE having that time to take a 10 mile run while StuffitLite decompresses and de-binhexes that 18 Meg file!!! YES YES YES!! I love computer tieups! -- Scott D. Sauer
Oh, sure, you may stray, but you'll always return to your dark master: the cocoa bean. -- Seinfeld
Oh, that's a bunch of crock! -- Thanh Boyer
Oh, that's just my brain. It's always falling out. -- Stimpson J. Cat
Oh, the humanity! -- Heathers
Oh, the network slogan is true! Watch FOX and be damned for all eternity! -- Ned Flanders
Oh, this is beyond pathetic. No progress on known issues, e.g. datatype conversion calculus, and nothing but ignorant regeneration of existing ideas. "futures" my ass... -- Rohit Khare
Oh, very good Worf. Eat any good books lately?
Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Oh, well... never mind
Oh, what a fate worse than death it is to be strapped to the back of a Wookie. -- C3PO
Oh, what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive. -- Sir Walter Scott
Oh, wow Look at the moon
Oh, wow! Look at the moon!
Oh, yeah, that THUD you just heard was Duke crashing back to Earth. -- ABC commentator (On the Duke/FSU football game)
Oh, yeah, what are you gonna do? Release the dogs? Or the bees? Or the dogs with bees in their mouth and when they bark, they shoot bees at you? -- Homer Simpson
Oh, yeah. You blend. -- Marisa Tomei (My Cousin Vinny)
Oh, you can't help that, said the cat: we're all mad here.
Oh, you mean ol' wotten ol' cwuddy ol' wabbit! -- Elmer Fudd
Oh, you mean Psychoposer? -- Chris Rapier
Oh, you who are trying to learn the marvel of Love through the copy book of Reason, I'm very much afraid you will never really see the point. -- Hafiz of Shiraz
Oh, you're a fine judge of character. NOT! -- Aladdin
Oh, you're Eeyore! I know you, you're a doof-head! -- Wallace Colyer
Oh. Okay. I'll just use pine. No, wait; I *am* using pine! Lesse...what else does pitt support? Uh. Pine. And, uh, messages. Plus messages dumps core! ... Guess I'll just use that new mail reader, 'Fuck'. -- Paul Mazaitis
Oh... felgercarb...
Oh... I see what the problem is... Our third baseman is named Phil Iduno. I guess if you say it fast, it does sound like the phrase, "gee, I dunno", but really it's Iduno: I-D-U-N-O, Iduno. Phil Iduno! -- Kids in the Hall
Oh...sorry for the misunderstanding. Here I've been thinking that you were a fuckhead all this time. Now that I know that you are a Linux user my opinion has...well...umm....not changed in the slightest. -- David Brookshire
Ohhhhh! I've been LOOKING for a red suede pump. -- When Harry Met Sally
OHIO: Don't Judge us by Cleveland.
Ohnosecond, n.: The infinitesimal period of time between hitting the return key and realizing you should not have.
Oil Can! Oil Can! -- Wizard of Oz
OJ makes me burp.
OJ Simpson prosecutor Marcia Clark should be careful taking the "moral high ground". Lawyers aren't used to the rarified atmosphere and often have trouble breathing.
OJ Simpson returned to LA after a week long golf vacation in Florida. Next up, searching for Nicole's real killer while rafting the Snake River...
OJ Simpson's book is not just another example of commercial exploitation. Proceeds from the sale will be used to feed hungry lawyers.
OJ's new book will be called, From the NFL to County Jail - 25 years of showering with men. -- SNL
OK everybody, I am NOW the FUCKING BUTT-ASS !G!O!D! of numerical methods!! Bring on your fourth-order Runge Kutta adaptive stepsize monotonically decreasing maximum allowed error fwap and I'LL MAKE the fucking computer boy BOW BEFORE ME DAMMIT and scrape him off the ROAD, the little TWIRP-ASS JELLO-HEADED yaddia-ya!!!! -- Drew Olbrich
OK Scotty, NOW Detonate and energize I mean.......
OK, I'm weird But I'm saving up to be eccentric.
Ok, Mr. Gassee, if you think you can just come in here and interrupt our aimless speculation with reasonable response, and try and make us think that Be is different just because its founder deigns to grace us with his presence, well then ... ok. I'm impressed. -- Craig Coller
OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard. -- Dr. Joy
ok, ok... so I miss quoted, I'm tired, my short term memory is off... -- Debbie Zieger
OK, so I was wrong for once in my life! Shut up. -- Calvin
ok, so im trapped in the computer lab doing work, and i have this stack of cds next to me, and *none* of them are conducive to any sort of productivity: listening to kd lang and dave matthews makes me want to get laid, listening to dar williams reminds me that im _not_ getting laid, listening to irish drinking songs makes me want to get drunk and then get laid, and listening to enya is just plain weird. -- May Jawdat
ok, so proof by lack of counterexample is invalid. i can prove it by mathematical induction, though, if you accept the law of conservation of bitterness. -- Geoff Spear
OK, so you discovered my plot to begin a new-age cult. Will you drink this cool-aid?
Ok, wait a moment here. Hold on. There. Now you see the change was made in real time. -- Frame showperson
OK, who stopped payment on my reality check?
ok, you have to understand that there is indeed a reason why i didnt call you yesterday. the reason is that i am a rotten horrible terrible person and a bad sister. i will call you tonight. -- May Jawdat
Okay - right after this one we're BACK to the TOPIC.
Okay everybody, let's all play the new game show, 'gay or canadian?' -- Hugh Apple
Okay! Who's up for a big game of Ker-Plunk? -- Friends
Okay, an entire mayonaise jar full of nutelly... as if it's any of your business. -- Seinfeld
Okay, back to my compelling narrative: Nothing else happened. -- Greg Plesur
Okay, fine! If *YOU* get to wear the dress, *I* get to blow up the house. -- Chris Gahan
Okay, guys, we're no longer horny. The Politically Correct term is "vaginally challenged."
Okay, I have you slated for "Carnage, Massive and Widespread" as well as "Pillage, Plunder, Other" and "Semi-Divine Escort (Brunhilde, Gunhilla, Sigurd: your choice of)". -- Ridgely Schantz
Okay, I was watching Voyager last night and all I can say is,"Assimilate me 7 of 9. Resistance is frustrating." -- Joshua Nowell
Okay, I'll take off my sanity cap. Is that like a salary cap? -- John Dobbin
Okay, in the pursuit of honesty and because of the respect in which I hold you people I should probably admit that I intend to savor your deaths as I would the gentlest sips of fine wine. Sorry about the initial confusion. -- Greg Plesur
Okay, squouija me, then. -- Adam Rifkin
Okay, this has GOT to converge. I've decided it's got to converge, therefore, it's got to converge. I hate logs. Nothing personal, it's just in this case, they're making my life soooo complicated. -- Rajit Manohar
Okay, where's the virgin? We can't have a virgin sacrifice without a virgin. Who's virgin monitor for this week?
Okay, who else had to go back and correct their quotefile? -- Chris Hanson
Okay, who put a stop payment on my reality check?
Okay, who's playing russian roullete with my life up there? -- Brian Rifkin
Okay, you guys could probably beat me up and take my money, but the first one of you who comes at me never walks again. Any of you want to volunteer a weapon? I can hurt you first if you want... -- David Carter (failing to get mugged)
Okay. HATING this. -- Friends
Oktoberfest really means "secret German plan for dominating international trade and consumption in beer and large pretzels"; it's always wise to investigate these things. -- Holly Vineyard
Ol' Debner has given me a great idea. I think I'll write a web robot that searches for every derogatory use of the name "Joe" (e.g., "Joe Average", "Joe Schmoe", "Joe Kiniry", whatever) and emails a request to have the use changed to some name less offensive to me. -- Joe Barrera
Old accountants never die, they just lose their balance.
Old actors never die, they just drop apart.
Old age and guile will always triumph over youth and enthusiasm. -- Mack Rhinelander
Old age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Old age is an incurable disease.
Old age is better than the alternative.
Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives. -- Maurice Chevalier
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man. -- Trotsky
Old and new put their stamp to everything in Nature. The snowflake that is now falling is marked by both; the present gives the motion and color to the flakes; antiquity its form and properties. All things wear a lustre which is the gift of the present and a tarnish of time. -- Emerson
Old archers never die, they just bow and quiver.
Old architects never die, they just lose their structures.
Old bakers never die, they just quit making dough.
Old bakers never die, you just can't get a rise out of them.
Old bankers never die, they just lose interest.
Old basketball players never die, they just go on dribbling.
Old beekeepers never die, they just buzz off.
Old bookkeepers never die, they just lose their figures.
Old C programmers never die. They're just cast into void.
Old cashiers never die, they just check out.
Old chauffeurs never die, they just lose their drive.
Old chemists never die. They just fail to react.
Old Chinese Proverb: Man who say it cannot be done should not interrupt man doing it.
Old cleaning people never die, they just kick the bucket.
Old cooks never die, they just get deranged.
Old daredevils never die, they just get discouraged.
Old deans never die, they just lose their faculties.
Old doctors never die, they just lose their patience.
Old Egyptian tourists never die. They just go senile.
Old electricians never die, they just lose contact.
Old farmers never die, they just go to seed.
Old firemen never die - they just go to blazes.
Old garagemen never die, they just retire.
Old gnus. Eye remember ewe. -- Adam Rifkin
Old hardware engineers never die, they just cache in their chips.
Old hippies never die, they just smell that way.
Old hypochondriacs never die, they just lose their grippe.
Old investors never die, they just roll over.
Old journalists never die, they just get de-pressed.
Old knights in chain mail never die, they just shuffle off their metal coils.
Old laser physicists never die, they just become incoherent.
Old lawyers never die, they just lose their appeal.
Old lie: The check is in the mail. New lie: I didn't check the email. -- Brian Fine
Old limbo dancers never die, they just go under.
Old MacDonald had a computer with an EIE I/O.
Old MacDonald had a processor - Enable interrupts, enable input/output.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old mail has arrived.
Old mathematicians never die, they just disintegrate.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to give bad examples.
Old men give good advice when they are no longer able to provide bad examples.
Old mercenaries never die, they just go to hell to regroup.
Old milkmaids never die, they just lose their whey.
Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
Old musicians never die, they just get played out.
Old musicians never die, they just go from bar to bar.
Old numerical analysts never die, they just get disarrayed.
Old owls never die, they just don't give a hoot.
Old pacifists never die, they just go to peaces.
Old photographers never die, they just stop developing.
Old pilots never die, they just go to a higher plane.
Old policemen never die, they just cop out.
Old printers never die, they're just not the type.
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
Old programmers never die, they just get swapped out.
Old programmers never die, they just go to bits.
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
Old programmers never die. They just branch to a new address.
Old programming wizards never die, they just recurse.
Old schools never die, they just lose their principals.
Old sculptors never die, they just lose their marbles.
Old seers never die, they just lose their vision.
Old sewage workers never die, they just waste away.
Old soldiers never die --- just young ones.
Old soldiers never die. Young ones do.
Old steelmakers never die, they just lose their temper.
Old students never die, they just get degraded.
Old tanners never die, they just go into hiding.
Old teachers never die, they just lose their class.
Old Testament, New Testament... even GOD keeps two sets of books...
Old Usenetters never die, they just become unresponsive.
Old white water rafters never die, they just get disgorged.
Old wrestlers never die, they just lose their grip.
Older women are the best because they always think they may be doing it for the last time. -- Ian Fleming
Olenka Bohachevsky lives! And quite obviously in great seclusion.
Oliver Cromwell had a large red nose, but under it were deeply religious feelings.
Oliver's Law of Assumed Responsibility: If you are seen fixing it, you will be blamed for breaking it.
Oliver's Law: Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
OLIVERS' LAW OF LOCATION: No matter where you go, there you are.
Omaha Beach, 0800 Hours: reinforcements from 2nd Panzer Korps arrive, their well-muscled young torsos glistening with man-dew. -- Top 5
OMIGOD! Ellen's GAY?!?!? Why hasn't this been in the news?? -- Top 5
Omnibiblious, adj.: Indifferent to type of drink. "Oh, you can get me anything. I'm omnibiblious."
OMNIVERSAL AWARENESS?? Oh, YEAH!! First you need 4 GALLONS of JELL-O and a BIG WRENCH!! ... I think you drop th' WRENCH in the JELL-O as if it was a FLAVOR, or an INGREDIENT ... ... or ... I ... um ... WHERE'S the WASHING MACHINES?
On a ceiling, on a voice of letters let me say, I wanna leave it again. -- Pearl Jam
On a chilly day such as today, aren't you glad you're a mammal?
On a clear disk you can seek forever. -- Peter Denning
On a good night we call out to the heavens and thrash about like hooked bass, clamoring after those precious few seconds of blindness. As the bed comes to a quiet stop and the last picture falls off the wall, the recent commotion can be hard to explain -- it all made sense a few moments ago and now we are just sticky and naked and looking for our clothes. -- Shawn Ferry
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: This isn't right. This isn't even wrong. -- Wolfgang Pauli
On a related note, John is telling me how Winona Ryder was at Tsunami for both RTTS2 and Growling Mad Scientists in November. Winona Ryder!! I'm shocked I didn't notice her. What I wouldn't do to get her dressed like a duck. -- Mark of Indole
On a scale of 1 to 10, 4 is about 7.
on a side note, i seem to have finally gotten over my "stupid men" phase. this probably means i'll go back into my "nun" phase or my "angst" phase or perhaps just stay here stuck in my annoying "quotes" phase. -- Kristiina Wilson
On a vending machine in this building: DO NOT TIP THIS MACHINE. Personally, I don't always tip waiters. Why would I want to tip a vending machine?
On an electrician's truck: Let Us Remove Your Shorts
On an occasion of this kind, it becomes more than a moral duty to speak one's mind. It becomes a pleasure. -- Oscar Wilde
On average, a statistician is comfortable with his feet in ice water and his head in an oven.
On behalf of airline, we'd like to welcome you to Bora-Bora, but instead we'll welcome you to Los Angeles.
On can not hold two watermelons in one hand.
On Earth Day I was going to plant some trees, but I planted my ass on the couch. -- Rugburns
On Earth there is no reckoning. -- Nizari Isma'ilis saying
On Friday and Saturday nights, love is a verb. On other nights, it is a noun.
On highway 49 just north of Gulfport, MS, there is a sign, Parker's Pecans and scrap metal (We buy Fur).
On Monday morning, I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks. -- H. Allen Smith (Let the Crabgrass Grow)
On my income tax 1040 it says 'Check this box if you are blind.' I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away. -- Tom Lehrer
On one issue at least, men and women agree; they both distrust women. -- H.L. Mencken
On one occasion a student burst into his office. "Professor Stigler, I don't believe I deserve this F you've given me." To which Stigler replied, "I agree, but unfortunately it is the lowest grade the University will allow me to award."
On one side of the road is a church. On the other is a liquor store. Both of which are keeping us poor. -- Public Enemy
On the bright side, Snapple doesn't taste like chicken. -- Rumman Gaffur
On the business front, UNIX has been under attack from a variety of sources, primarily by the nonexistant Windows NT. Luckily, the UNIX vendors have their own nonexistant products with which to answer the threat. -- Stephen C. Johnson
On the first date, they just tell each other lies, and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date. -- Martin (age 10)
On the full-service airlines you get a meal. On ValuJet, you ARE the meal.
On the good side the open bar at the rear of the plane helped eradicate the fear said engine would cease functioning while the wheels were not chocked. -- Scott Potter
On the Intel platform, Microsoft is the defacto standard. It's the weather. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
On the internet, no one knows you're a CHICKEN! A GIANT CHICKEN! -- Denis Moskowitz
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a nyarlathotep.
On the Internet, some people find love at first byte.
On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.
On the Net, the words 'regulation' and 'Internet' are like matter and anti-matter: Put them together and you hear a loud boom, as libertarians fly in every direction, squawking furiously. -- Andrew Leonard
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
On the other hand, you have different fingers...
On the other hand..you have five different fingers
On the other paw, this is gonna be more fun than sneezing on strangers. -- Dogbert
On the planet next door to mine, writing poetry is regarded as a sort of metaphorical draining all the sewage out of your mind. Everyone does it, but nobody has the illusion that anyone else wants to see theirs, or could even understand it. They write it in small dark rooms furnished with cracked mirrors and musty shapeless carpets. When each poem is finished, it's burned in a dirty bucket. Then the author goes outside, locks the door, and gets on with enjoying his or her life. On my planet, nobody is any good at poetry. This includes me. -- Andrew Plotkin
On the plus side, these pellets are excellent. -- Dilbert
On the side of the software box, in the 'System Requirements' section, it said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed Linux.
On the unlabeled disk? They're all unlabeled!
On the verge of a YACC attack!
On the way to the corner, a dropped tool will land on your foot.
On top of the News, ahead of the Times. -- New York Newsday
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question. -- Charles Babbage
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], `Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question. -- Charles Babbage
On-line, adj.: The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a computer.
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days. -- W. C. Fields (My Little Chickadee)
Once a can of worms is opened, the only way to recan them is in a bigger can.
Once a child has experienced the central event on the child's calendar of bliss (Halloween) and learned that there is such a thing as a free lunch after all, and that is is 95 percent sugar, the sheer goodness of life becomes a given. -- George Will (12/24/95)
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse. -- Finagle (Fourth Law)
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road. -- Stewart Brand
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road..... -- Stuart Brand
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled. -- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Once again, I have been too crude. But you seem to enjoy that. -- Charles Fleischer
Once again, it would be a different world if I were God. -- Men Behaving Badly
Once again, Odo wins the Twister championship.
Once all Democrats are eliminated, will only Republicans be left? -- Adam Rifkin
Once an idea hits him on the head, you know it's reached the bottom of the stupid chain. -- Rohit Khare
Once and for all, there is a great deal I do not want to know. - Wisdom sets bounds even to knowledge. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease." Disraeli replied, "That all depends, sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress."
Once divided, nothing left to subtract. Some words when spoken, can be taken back. -- Pearl Jam
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it -- Homer
Once I got past my anger toward my mother, I began to excel in volleyball and modeling. -- Gabrielle Reece
Once I wished on a star but it turned out to be an airplane. -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "Peanuts")
Once is accident, twice is coincidence, three times is enemy action.
Once is an accident, twice is coincidence, thrice is enemy action.
Once merely fake, wrestling now offers a sick, sometimes satanic exhibition where women are abused, racial and ethnic differences are exploited and every vulgarity is encouraged. YES!!! -- Tim Byars
Once more unto the breach, dear friends -- Henry V
Once over the hill you pick up speed.
Once the avalanche has started, it's too late for the pebbles to vote.
Once the missiles go up, who cares where they come down? That's not my department, says Werner von Braun. -- Tom Lehrer
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see each other whole against the sky. -- Rainer Rilke
Once upon a time there were two Jewish people. Now there are millions of them.
Once when I was lost, I saw a policeman and asked him to help me find my parents. I said to him, do you think we'll ever find them? He said, I don't know kid, there are so many places they can hide. -- Rodney Dangerfield
Once you accept his assumptions even a madman seems reasonable.
Once you call it an art movie it doesn't matter how good it is. A certain segment of the population is not going to see it because there's nothing blowing up and nobody getting shot. -- Samuel L. Jackson
Once you get people laughing, they're listening and you can tell them almost anything. -- Herbert Gardner
Once you have flown, you will walk the Earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been and there you long to return. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can.
Once you remove the absurdity from human existence, there isn't much left.
Once you understand how to write a program get someone else to write it.
Once you understand your computer it is obsolete
Once you've taken a mindnumbing tequila shot of your own ignorance, it's refreshing to bite into the sweet lime wedge of other peoples' stupidity. -- Dennis Miller
Once, a philosopher; twice, a pervert! -- Voltaire (On orgies)
Once, adv.: Enough. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Once, I seen Dave Letterman open a ham using nothin' but a taxicab! -- David Letterman
Once, I was alive. Then, I died.
Once, I wept for I had no shoes. Then I came upon a man who had no feet. So I took his shoes. I mean, it's not like he really needed them, right?
Once, in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days. -- W.C. Fields (My Little Chickadee)
Once, it made sense to think of signs as pointing to reality. But with the total saturation of society by the media, cybernetics and mass production, the world has turned upside down. Life is an effect - a byproduct - of television images, computer programs and market surveys. Society and information form an increasingly escalating feedback loop: Each "simulates" the other, until both finally "implode." All reality becomes virtual. -- Scott McLemee (on Jean Baudillard)
One beer and one towel, please. -- skeleton in a saloon
One begins to suspect that people are a bad influence on TV rather than the other way around. Television's role is merely to assemble the private bad taste of millions of individuals so it achieves critical mass in the public square. The people who might once have gone to local bearbaitings now cohere into a national audience, so the alarms go off. -- Mark Dolliver (Adweek 4/20/98)
One Bell System - it sometimes works.
One Bell System - it works.
One business author recently estimated the average American encounters something like 2,000 sales messages a day.
One by-product of raising cattle is calves.
One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing.
One can never know for sure what a deserted area looks like. -- George Carlin
One can never pay in gratitude; one can only pay in kind somewhere else in life. -- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
One can not hold two watermelon in one hand.
One can not take any old organ and just put it anywhere you please. -- Voxers at Large
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
One cannot cook on an electric stove. One may, if one is lucky, be able to prepare edible food--but one cannot *cook*. -- Seth Blumberg
One child is not enough, but two children are far too many.
One chooses one's gods by choosing one's playmates. -- Peter Berger
One conjugation error, three capitalization errors, and one punctuation error, all in one sentence - yes, I can see why you consider yourself an authority on the English language. -- Joe Barrera
One cool judgment is worth a dozen hasty councils. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat. -- Woodrow Wilson (1856-1924)
One could not be a successful scientist without realizing, in contrast to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists, a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also just stupid. -- James Watson
One day as I came home early from work I saw a guy jogging naked. I said to the guy, Hey buddy why are you doing that for? He said, because you came home early. -- Rodney Dangerfield
One day the world will be ready for you and wonder how they didn't see. -- Eels
One day this particular european said "F**k this", and returned to civilisation before it was too late. If you have what it takes to get up and head for another continent, then surely you have what it takes to get up again and go right back. -- Robert Harley
One day you will find yourself and be quite disappointed.
One day.....it'll happen. A bunch of us kept nrrrrds (employed by only one company) will be in a locked, windowless room with a bunch of consultants. The consultants will be babbling incoherently about the "infobahn" "cyberculture" "cyberspace" "surfing tha web" and "interactive marketing." And there will be blunt weapons in that room. And the festivities will begin. -- Mike Belt
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.
One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one computer language to another and has a built-in editing system which identifies errors in the original program. -- Diamondback (the UMD student newspaper) (3/10/87)
One does not make friends. One recognizes them. -- Garth Henrichs
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
One dollar to the first person who can give me a convincing explanation of the relativistic effects observed in this series! -- James Cook
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
One food for the rest of my life? That's easy. Cherry pez. Cherry-flavored pez. There's no doubt about it. -- Stand by Me
One form to rule them all, one form to find them, one form to bring them all and in the darkness rewrite the hell out of them. -- Sendmail comment
One funged curve is worth a thousand weasel words.
One funny thing that happened: on my Q&A part, I was asked to recite as many of the Articles of Faith as I could. One of the ones I mentioned was, "Be discreet in killing." I got a very strange look and was told that that one wasn't used any more, and was replaced by "Always know the difference between good and evil." Same difference. -- Mike Shapiro
One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh, but the earth abideth for ever. -- Ecclesiastes 1:2-5
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One good turn asketh another. -- John Heywood
One good turn deserves another. -- Gaius Petronius
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
One good turn gets the whole blanket.
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
One good way to get rid of air pollution is to stop the politicians from speaking over it.
One goose, two geese... so one moose, two meese?
One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other. -- Jane Austen (Emma)
One hazard of attending church these days is that you are likely to be kissed and hugged by people you neither know nor like. To refuse to participate is to brand yourself stand-offish, unloving and un-Christian. -- Anthony O'Hear
One hundred percent of the shots you don't take don`t go in. -- Wayne Gretzky
One if by LAN, two if by C. -- Paul Revere (as told by John Karwoski)
One index, two indices -- one Kleenex, two Kleenices?
One is in the morgue and the other's in jail. One got wasted and the other's a waste. -- Offspring
One is never disdainful of talent. Never. But spinelessness and meekness are harder to stomach. Passion, vision, and ambition are what separate the agents of change from the sheep. Talent without passion/ambition is one of the most depressing/pathetic states of being. -- Rohit Khare
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious. -- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)
One is the loneliest number. Two is as lonely as one, just shifted to the left. -- Dave Barr
One is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
One is very crazy when in love. -- Sigmund Freud
One Klingon Flea to another...Meet you on the next ridge.
One learns to itch where one can scratch. -- Ernest Bramah
One legged girls are pushovers.
One look at those varicose veins, they'll think we're smuggling road maps. -- Woody Allen
One machine can do the work of 50 ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. -- Elbert Hubbard
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than 50 preaching it. -- Knute K. Rockne
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One man with courage makes a majority. -- Andrew Jackson
One man, scorned and covered with scars, still strove, with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable star. -- Man of la Mancha
One man's constant is another man's variable. -- Perlis
One man's justice is another's injustice; one man's beauty is another's ugliness; one man's wisdom another's folly. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson (Circles)
One man's meat is another's editor.
One man's Mede is another man's Persian. -- George M. Cohan
One man's mundane and desperate existence is someone else's Technicolor. -- Strange Days
One man's sushi is another man's bait.
One man's upload is another man's download.
One man's Windows are another man's walls.
One meets his destiny often in the road he takes to avoid it.
One more drink and I'd be under the host. -- Dorothy Parker
One more nostalgic part of childhood goes THBPPTH. -- Calvin
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know. -- Animal Crackers
One must be poor to know the luxury of giving. -- George Eliot
One must care about a world one will not see. -- Bertrand Russell
One must have loved a woman of genius to comprehend the happiness of loving a fool. -- Talleyrand
One must not confuse John Donne's famous quote 'No man is an Island' with New York Telephone's 'We're all connected' -- Theodore Vaida's father
One must think heroically to act like a merely decent human being.
One must work hard at procrastination, or something might get done ahead of time. -- Chris Heiser
One never sees a monument dedicated to a committee.
One nice thing about a one-way street is that you can only be bumped in the rear.
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
One night I came home very late. It was the next night.
One night I came home very late... now I need extra sleep.
One night I walked home very late and fell asleep in somebody's satellite dish. My dreams were showing up on TV's all over the world.
One night only. She's buried in the morning. -- Clerks
One night the USA tilted and everything that was loose ended up in California.
One of God's specialities is to make somebodies out of nobodies. -- Henrietta Mears
One of it's legs is both the same.
One of life's small satisfactions is copping first place on a newly opened checkout line. -- Libbie Fudim
One of my best friends in the whole wide world. And if that isn't a negative endorsement, I don't know what is. -- Aleecia McDonald
One of my less pleasant chores when I was young was to read the Bible from one end to the other. Reading the Bible straight through is at least 70 percent discipline, like learning Latin. But the good parts are, of course, simply amazing. God is an extremely uneven writer, but when He's good, nobody can touch Him. -- John Gardner (NYT Book Review, Jan 1983)
One of my problems is that I internalize everything. I can't express anger; I grow a tumor instead. -- Woody Allen
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exiting discoveries. -- A.A. Milne
One of the arguments that landed Robert Morris, author of the Internet Worm, in jail was all the sysadmins' time his prank cost. Yet the author of sendmail is still walking around free without even a U (for Unixery) branded on his forehead. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
One of the basic questions of all Zen... What is the basic principle of Zen? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
One of the basic tenets of Zen Buddhism is that there is no way to characterize what Zen is. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
One of the best automobile insurance policies is a Sunday afternoon nap.
One of the disadvantages of wine is that it makes a man mistake words for thoughts. -- Samuel Johnson
One of the first things schoolchildren in Texas learn is how to compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.
One of the greatest gifts you can get as a writer is to be born into an unhappy family. -- Pat Conroy
One of the greatest labour-saving inventions of today is tomorrow. -- Vincent T. Foss
One of the greatest sources of energy is pride in what you are doing.
One of the greatest tragedies of life is the murder of beautiful theory by a gang of brutal facts. -- Ben Franklin
One of the lesser known trials of Hercules... -- John Dobbin
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say. -- Will Durant
One of the main advantages of Unix over, say, MVS, is the tremendous number of features Unix lacks. -- Chris Torek
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. -- Robert Firth
One of the main regrets that I have is that I wasn't able to take the chain saw to the rest of my family. -- Kevin Record (at sentencing for killing his father with a chain saw, when asked if he had any regrets, USA Today, Nov 11 94)
One of the many things Steve Jobs didn't know in those days was Cringely's Second Law, which I figured out one afternoon with the assistance of a calculator and a six-pack of Heineken. -- Robert X. Cringely
One of the most attractive features of a Connection Machine is the array of blinking lights on the faces of its cabinet. -- CM Paris Ref. Manual (v6.0, p48)
One of the most common mistakes is to believe that others know more about the problem than you do.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -- Mark Twain
One of the nice things about history is that it never goes out of date. -- Kevin Hughes
One of the oldest human needs is having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night. -- Margret Meade
One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God create goyim?" The generally accepted answer is "SOMEBODY has to buy retail." -- Arthur Naiman
One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: Why did God create goyim? The generally accepted answer is somebody has to buy retail. -- Arthur Naiman (Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish)
One of the quickest ways to meet people is to pick up the wrong ball on a golf course. -- Bits and Pieces
One of the rules with this Access To My Thoughts project would have to be that you aren't allowed to get upset if you read a thought that offends you. You take the risk, you have to suffer the consequences. On the other hand, it would be really hard not to change your behavior around someone you just found out thinks you're a superficial bastard. -- Megan Coughlin
One of the secrets to life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks. -- Jack Penn
One of the students actually sent me mail that said it point blank. He said, "The book sucks." I was like, we'll what the hell do you want me to do about it? Take it out and study. Geesh. "The book sucks." So I say, "Well so does your girlfriend but you still take her out, don't you?" -- unknown University of Maryland professor
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important. -- Bertrand Russell
One of the things that I want to get back is the idea that the Web version is the original, and if you really need paper product you derive it from there. Tim had a little application which he used to translate HTML files into text, collate them, and print a book that included a table of contents and index. -- Robert Cailliau
One of the things the old guy also does at the end is salute the gravestone he's talking to, which was something I saw coming from so far away that I had time to step aside and write a short treatise on free will as it relates to independent thought before stepping back in harm's way and being smacked in the kisser by the runaway freight train that is Spielbergian manipulation at its finest. -- Mr. Cranky
One of these days I'm going to have to start listening to my own advice. -- John Dobbin
One or two days out of the big picture is nothing. They've gone to a lot of trouble; we've gone to a little trouble. Meanwhile, God hates fags." -- Shirley Phelps-Roper, Esq. (Westboro Baptist Church)
One ostrich weighs as much as 48,000 hummingbirds.
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words. -- Johann Wolfgang van Goethe
One ounce of chocolate amounts to two pounds of fat.
One out of every six unaware Americans are not even aware that they are unaware.
One Page Principle: A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper cannot be understood. -- Mark Ardis
One peek is worth a thousand finesses.
One person's <grin> is another's <groan>.
One person's error is another person's data.
One picture is worth 128K words.
One picture is worth a thousand words. See diagram below.
One picture is worth more than ten thousand words. (Chinese proverb)
One place where you're sure to find the perfect driver is in the back seat. -- Homer Phillips
One planet is all you get.
One possible reason things aren't going according to plan is that there never was a plan.
One reason I don't drink is that I want to know when I'm having a good time. -- Nancy (Lady Astor)
One reason so many folks never get to the top is that they never start from the bottom.
One reason you can't take it with you is that it goes before you do.
One ring to rule them all, One ring to find them, One ring to bring them all, And in the darkness bind them. -- Tolkein
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
One should always be wary of anyone who promises their love will last longer than a weekend. -- Quentin Crisp
One should never generalize.
One should not attempt to cross a chasm in two bounds. -- Chinese saying
One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea. -- Friends
One size fits all doesn't fit anyone.
One swallow does not make a summer. -- Aristotle
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
One test is worth a thousand expert opinions. -- Bill Nye the Science Guy
One thing about always eating your own dogfood is that you don't become aware of other brands that might give you indigestion... -- Robert Thau
One thing I hope I'll never be is drunk with my own power. And anybody who says I am will never work in this town again. -- Jim Carrey
One thing in favor of a polka dot tie is that one more spot doesn't matter.
One thing stood out for me and I mentioned to my husband: "Please don't bring your girlfriend to my funeral. Thanks."
One thing that binds this community together is the common experience of having been oppressed during everyone's formative years. Look in the mirror, and some of you may find the oppressor. -- Richard Bullington
One thing that gets me down is when people put bandanas on their dogs. -- Kids in the Hall
One thing that's good about procrastination is that you always have something planned for tomorrow. -- Gil Stern
One thing the inventors can't seem to get the bugs out of is fresh paint.
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer terror. -- W. K. Hartmann
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
One thought he was invisible, and the other thought he could fly. They were both wrong. -- Marked for Death
One time the power went out in my house and I had to use the flash on my camera to see my way around. I made a sandwich and took fifty pictures of my face. The neighbors thought there was lightning in my house. -- Steven Wright
One way or another I'm going to have sex with you tonight. You might as well be there.
One way to better your lot is to do a lot better...
One way to live life is as though nothing were a miracle. Another way to live life is as though everything were a miracle. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
One way to make a fool happy is to argue with him.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
One who finds no satifaction in himself seeks for it in vain elsewhere. -- La Rochefoucauld
One who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
One who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
One who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn.
One who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. -- Lao-tzu (Tao Te Ching)
One who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
One who laughs, lasts.
One who lives in a wine cellar rarely sees the light of day.
One who loved not too wisely but too well... -- Othello (William Shakespeare)
One who weeps when sowing shall laugh when reaping.
One will not have needed the future perfect in one's entire life.
One will rarely err if extreme actions be ascribed to vanity, ordinary actions to habit, and mean actions to fear. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
One with the law is a majority. -- Calvin Coolidge
One within us sets the alarm clock at night, and in the morning another within us awakens and says, ``Who the hell set that alarm?''
One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice president, and that one word is 'to be prepared'. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
One-Shot Case Study, n.: The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.
One-trillionth of a surprise = 1 picaboo. A kiloboo is enough to scare you to death.
One-word sentences? Eliminate.
One's destination is never a place, but rather a new way of looking at things. -- Henry Miller
One's life does not consist in the abundance of the things he possesses. -- Luke 12:15
One's real life is often the life that one does not lead.
Onederful, adj.: What he or she is when he or she is the one and only.
Only 10 people in the whole world understood Einstein. I'm so brilliant that nobody understands me.
Only 19,999 lines of C++ to my next ski trip...
Only 43 years to retirement... -- Robert Harley
Only a few inherit great names. The rest must make them for ourselves. -- Louis L'Amour
Only a fool expects rational behavior from his fellow humans. Why do you expect it from a machine that humans have constructed? -- Geoffrey James (The Tao of Programming)
Only a fool has no doubts.
Only a funeral could induce me to return there. -- Barton
Only a group of people who share a body of knowledge and continually learn together can stay vital and viable. -- Max DePree (The Art of Management)
Only a vaRool would use such language in public. -- Riker
Only a wimpy God can't get it right the first time!
Only actions give life strength; only moderation gives it charm. -- Jean Paul Richter
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
Only cosmetologists give make-up exams.
Only dead fish swim with the stream.
Only dead people are cool...
Only dirty people need to wash.
Only flirt with those you intend to refuse: then you acquire a reputatation for invincibility, whilst slipping away with the lover of your choice. A poor choice is less dangerous than an obvious choice. Never write letters. Get them to write letters. Always be sure they think they're the only one. Win or die. -- Marquise De Merteuil (Les Liaisons Dangereuses)
Only fools are quoted.
Only geniuses and idiots are mentally self-sufficient. -- Stanislaw Lem
Only God can make a tree, but only Man can drive by it so fast. -- Ferrari Driver.
Only God can make random selections.
Only God, or possibly Jeff Hutzleman, knows that. -- Paul Mazaitis
Only he who attempts the ridiculous can achieve the impossible. -- Hao Shan Liao
Only humans can be inhumane.
only in our easy, simple, spontaneous action are we strong. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Only in the sense that a person without a parachute might appeal the law of gravity. -- Brendan Maher (cochair of the NRC panel which evaluated doctoral programs, in response to a query if there existed an appeal mechanism)
Only in your dreams, Commander. -- Troi
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat. -- Alex Levine
Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Only men who have worn a ski suit understand how complicated it is for a woman to go to the bathroom when she's wearing a jumpsuit. -- Rita Rudner
Only my cat understands me.
Only occasionally wets himself under pressure.
Only often fun? What is it the rest of the time? Being chained like dogs in the darkest dungeons and being fed caffeine? Oh, I forgot, we get fluorescent lighting. -- Rohit Khare
Only on after dark. -- Outlaw Radio (101 KLOL)
Only one good: Knowledge. One evil: Ignorance. -- Socrates
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men. The other 999 are followers of women.
Only one man understands me, and even he does not. -- Hegel
Only one man would dare give me the Raspberry. -- Spaceballs
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
Only one thing counts in this life: Get them to sign on the line which is dotted! -- Glengarry Glen Ross
Only presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial "we."
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake. -- Henry David Thoreau (Walden)
Only the educated are free. -- Epictetus (Discourses)
Only the free have disposition to be truthful. Only the truthful have the interest to be just. Only the just possess the willpower to be free. -- W. H. Auden
Only the insane have the strength to prosper. Only those that prosper judge what is sane.
Only the mediocre can always be at their best.
Only the winners decide what were war crimes. -- Gary Willis
Only the young die good. -- Oliver Herford
Only they who go to soirees and legislative halls must have new coats, coats to change as often as the man changes in them. -- Henry David Thoreau (Walden)
Only those who attempt the absurd ... will achieve the impossible
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -- Robert F. Kennedy
Only those with nothing to be sorry for smile back at the rear of an elephant.
Only three things have ever astonished me: a dream within a dream, voices in an empty room, and fire the color of ice. -- Silvina Ocampo
Only three things in the world have unconditional love: dogs, donuts, and money. -- OPM
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. One is to let her think she is having her own way, and the other is to let her have it. -- Lyndon B. Johnson
Only when the clock stops does time come to life. -- William Faulkner
Only women get used. Men just perform on cue.
Onward, through the fog.
Oog make mission statement. -- Steve Dorner
Ooh, there's a piece of design! You immediately flunk the course. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Ooh, you called me a goose. Yeah, you can more than deal with me, I have to admit. That one hurts even more than when you called me a virual buffoon. -- Steve Bajzek
Ooo! A doobie! Let's bogart that fat boy. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
Ooohh, your IQ is 145? I like 'em dumb and strong! -- Top 5
Oooo, that was a quick. -- Cindy Parker
Ooooh, I'm a man. Ooooh, I have a penis. Ooooh, I need to win money to exert my power over women. -- Friends
Oooooh! For fuck's sake you two are worse than two paleontologists over a tyrannosaurus turd. Tripp, just dig down into your all new cheap moves and deliver a pimp-daddy cool ass sign-off, the likes of which may cause Tracy to wish her name didn't start with a "t". Or kiss and make up and stuff. -- Ridgely Schantz
Oops, time for Ponn Farr
oops. excuse me. i used tcl. i understand that's passe these days, and that REAL cs people use python now. sorry. -- Rob Earhart
Oops. For penance, I shall recite three SASLs, a POP3-AUTH, and an LMTP. -- Rob Earhart
Open doors we find our way; we look, we see, we smile.
Open Mouth, Insert Foot, Chew Carefully
Open mouth, insert foot, echo internationally.
Open Mouth. Insert Foot. Chew Vigorously.
Open Mouth. Insert Foot. Echo Internationally.
Open up your door to a good day and prepare yourself for a bad one.
Open your eyes and you can see the flames of your wasted life. -- Counting Crows
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're livin'? -- Bob Marley
Open-minded people look at the world around them and try to find the lessons there that apply to their own lives, while narrow-minded people look at the lessons their own life has brought them and try to apply these to the world at large. -- M. Elizabeth Hunter
OpenDoc was eaten by html and Java; Jobs licked the plate and burped. :-) -- David McCusker
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back, and instead of bleeding, he sings
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back, and instead of bleeding, he sings.
OPERATER ERROR.. (A)bort, (R)etry, (S)hoot...
OPERATOR ERROR: Nyah, Nyah, Nyah, Nyah, Nyah
Operator! Give me the number for 911! -- Homer Simpson
OPERATOR! Trace this call and tell me where I am.
Operators really know how to mount it.
OPINION: Where moderation means attack.
Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to look at the other guy's. -- Hal Hickman
Opinions are like noses. Everyone has one, and most smell.
Opinions are like recti. Everyone has one, but no one wants to look at others'.
Opinions enhance information. Anyone who says differently is selling something. -- Adam Rifkin (By way of Princess Bride)
Opinions expressed by said attorney do not reflect those of any rational person or his dog. This communication via the Internet does not constitute legal advice; no attorney client privilege has been established. Believe me, if this was legal advice, you would get a really really big bill. -- Robert Cannon
Opinions founded on prejudice are always sustained with the greatest violence. -- Hebrew Proverb
Oppernockity tunes but once.
Opportunity always knocks when you are in the shower.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -- Thomas Edison
Opportunity is when luck and preparation come together. -- Vince Lombardi
Opportunity knocks but temptation rings the bell.
Opportunity knocks once, but only if you have three college degrees and send out 10,000 resumes.
Oppressive language does more than represent violence; it is violence. -- Toni Morrison
Oprah spelled backwards is Harpo!
Optimist is person who thinks he can break up traffic jam by blowing horn.
Optimist, n.: A husband who goes down to the marriage license bureau to see if his has expired.
Optimization hinders evolution.
Or, if she's looking for a male date, why does she want someone gay in particular? (other than the obvious fact that gay men are better looking than straight men?) -- Donna Riley
Oral Contraceptive, n.: The word "no".
Orange juice sorry you made me cry? Don't be soda pressed; them martini bruises.
Orben's Packaging Discovery: For the first time in history, one bag of groceries produces two bags of trash.
Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of ketchup).
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject - the actual enemy is the unknown. -- Thomas Mann (The Magic Mountain)
Order is Heaven's first law.
Order the new Tonya Harding-Lorena Bobbitt drink. It's a club soda, with a slice. -- Jay Leno
Ordinarily, I don't like to be around interesting people because it means I have to be interesting too. -- LA Story
Oregano, n.: The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.
Oregon, n.: Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday night.
Oregonians don't tan, they rust.
ORG.ASM Not Found. Wife not happy!
Organ transplants are best left to the professionals. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds. Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl. -- Mike Adams
Organization and good planning are just crutches for people that can't handle stress and caffeine.
Organized crime? I call it government.
Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it's not all mixed up. -- A.A. Milne
Orgasm, n.: The gland finale.
Oriental Grocery Clerk, n.: A Chinese checker.
Orientate, v.: To face toward the East, toward Mecca.
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation. The most original writers borrowed from one another. The instruction we find in books is like fire. We fetch it from our neighbors, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all. -- Voltaire
Originality is the art of concealing your source...
Originality is the art of concealing your sources.
Originality is undetected plagiarism. -- Dean W.R. Inge
Originally employed in 1982 as a form of psychoacoustic mood therapy for latent homosexuals, synthpop has since mutated into a form of psychoacoustic mood therapy for latent homosexuals. -- www.rmifaq.com
Orthogonal, n.: A word people in software development use way more often than necessary to make sense; as the way teachers use pedagogical. -- Megan Coughlin
OS/2 - From the people who brought you JECL.
OS/2 - Not just another pretty program loader!
OS/2 - Windows with bullet-proof glass.
OS/2 2 ..Will it send DOS &amp; Windows the way of CP/M ?????
OS/2 VirusScan - "Windows found: Remove it (Y/y)"
OS/2... The nightmare continues...
OS/2...Opens up Windows, shuts up Gates.
OSBORN'S LAW: Variables won't, constants aren't.
Osborn's Law: Variables won't; constants aren't.
Other people's insurance doesn't bring you back from the dead. Mine will, but I haven't managed to scrape up the "200 souls of 16-year-old virgins" deductible yet. -- Noah Robin
Other people's tools work only in other people's gardens.
Other skills are emotional: you can't have democratic culture unless people can tell the difference between resisting oppression and acting out resentment, between organizing and polarizing, between freedom and irresponsibility, between pleasure and addiction, between discipline and shame, between personal boundaries and passive aggression. -- Phil Agre
Other skills might be useful. Send me your CV and a current photo. If I don't feel that there's a named-role suitable to your abilities, you may still be eligible to wear a t-shirt that says "Thug #7." -- Greg Plesur
Other sports exist only to keep you occupied until baseball season comes around again. -- Dave Barry
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Ouch And I mean it.
OUCH! Got my floppy caught in my PKZipper!
Ouch! I fell on my keys. -- Wayne's World does The Producers
Our advertising clearly states that Windows 95 will deliver the user experience Microsoft is famous for. Having to upgrade your computer and not being able to get work done is entirely in line with that. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Our big, brave, wolf-dog is afraid of Rubber Duckie (who lives in the hot tub). -- Megan Coughlin on the perils of wolf-dog ownership
Our bikinis are exciting. They are simply the tops.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves... to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by our today. -- Stewart B. Johnson
Our Constitution protects aliens, drunks, and US Senators. -- Will Rogers
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.
Our courtship was fast and furious. I was fast and she was furious. -- Max Kauffmann
Our critics are our friends, for they do show us our faults. -- Bill Clinton (quoting Ben Franklin in a speech, 12/11/98)
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds. -- George Eliot (Adam Bede)
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our Light, not our darkness that most frightens us. -- Nelson Mandela
our dream team got split up. good things don't last, but bullshit lasts forever. Please press #. -- Cameo Wood
Our dress code is that you must. -- Scott McNealy
Our duty is to be useful, not according to our desires, but according to our powers. -- Henry F. Amiel
Our elections are free. It's in the results where eventually we pay. -- Bill Stern
Our employers gave us bottles of wine for Christmas. I have to admit, this is the weirdest thing I could imagine getting from someone I work for. It's a very pretty bottle. Shame I don't drink wine. -- John Dobbin
Our entire culture has been sucked into the black hole of computation, an utterly frenetic process of virtual planned obsolescence. But you know, that process needn't be unexamined or frenetic. We can examine that process whenever we like, and the frantic pace is entirely our own fault. What's our big hurry anyway? -- Bruce Sterling
Our experienced Mom will care of your child. Fenced yard, meals, and smacks included.
Our first move will be to decide what our first move will be. -- Wellington Mara (New York Giants president)
Our foreign aid is based on a strict policy of exchanging American dollars for bad will.
Our formula for valuation is 1 million for each full time engineer on the team, subtract 500k for each MBA. -- Guy Kawasaki
Our fortune cookies have been carbon dated for freshness.
Our generation is the first generation forced into low-paying jobs at minimum wage. -- Imani Henry (National People's Campaign)
Our goal is to reduce stress in society and to make people feel better with the help of beer. -- Russian Beer Lovers' Party
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it by furnishing the exorbitant sums demanded. Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real. -- General Douglas MacArthur
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Our industry is made up of a bunch of lemmings. When was the last time you heard an original idea from a venture capitalist? -- Andy Rachleff (General Partner, Benchmark Capital)
Our interest in these subjects goes through phases and the last phase - disgust - still contains within it a willingness to read, which explains why these stories that don't seem to die continue until what most people are doing is just complaining about them. We're complaining, but we're still reading, so the stories linger on. -- Robert X. Cringely
Our inventions mirror our secret wishes. -- Lawrence Durrell (Mountolive)
Our job is to play games. Our hobby is to consult.
Our keyword list read like the buzzwords on the back of a netscape server box. -- Joe Kiniry
Our kids are ****ing like there's no tomorrow; probably, because to them it looks like there's no tomorrow. -- Dennis Miller
Our Lady of Blessed Acceleration, don't fail me now! -- Blues Brothers
Our little group has always been, and always will, until the end. -- Nirvana
Our lives are better left to chance. I could have missed the pain, then I would have to miss the dance.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
Our lives would run a lot more smoothly if second thoughts came first.
Our love for God is tested by whether we seek Him or His gifts. -- Ralph Sockman
Our love is so hot, you're meltin' Nadine's tattoo off my butt.
Our meetings are held to discuss many problems which would never arise if we held fewer meetings.
Our mind is capable of passing beyond the dividing line we have drawn for it. Beyond the pairs of opposites of which the world consists, other, new insights begin. -- Hermann Hesse
Our nature lies in movement; complete rest is death. -- Pascal (Pensees)
Our necessities are few but our wants are endless...
Our newsserver unsubscribed from alt.binaries.* yesterday, claiming that they're out of disk space. I might have to break down and actually buy porn now. -- Bruce Sherrod
Our next guest is the greatest guy in the world. And that's not my opinion--it's his.
Our number one business is your number two. -- Roto Rooter Sewage Inc.
Our OS which art in CPU - UNIX be thy name .....
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name. Thy programs run, thy syscalls done, in kernel as it is in user
Our parents were never our age.
Our patience will achieve more than our force. -- Edmund Burke
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing. -- Roy L. Ash (ex-president Litton Industries)
Our prep course for the USMLE (medical boards) is pure science review. Our prep for the SAT is largely testmanship. Why? Because the USMLE tests science and the SAT tests nothing. -- John Katzman (President, The Princeton Review)
Our present business is not to exchange compliments but arguments. -- Robert Boyle (17th century chemist)
Our problem is not needing to know the truth about tomorrow; it's needing to live the truth we know today. -- Charles R. Swindoll
Our problems are mostly behind us. What we have to do now is fight the solutions. -- slashdot
Our research methods consisted of picking our noses while making the obvious assumption. -- Robert Rodgers on PC World reporting
Our revenue and income potential is unproven, and our business model is still emerging. We have no experience in purchasing and storing components, assembling, packing and shipping our products and the testing and quality control of products and components. We currently lack the capability to carry out any of these functions. We're "all thumbs." As we commence commercial production, we may encounter quality-control issues in the components we purchase and in the assembly of our own products. We currently have no full-time employees. None of our executives have significant experience in the industry. The managing underwriter has never previously acted as the managing underwriter of a public offering. Sometimes he forgets to wear pants. Of the 11 employees listed in the management section of this prospectus, six have worked for us less than one year, and three of them are heavily involved in a New Age suicide cult. In addition, our location in Portsmouth, N.H., may limit our access to skilled personnel. Portsmouth is a living hell, believe you me, especially in the winter time. Even those of us who aren't in the suicide cult are thinking of killing ourselves. -- David Futrelle (Upside)
Our society is spiritually malnourished because we have abandoned the kitchen. -- Laura Esquivel
Our speedometer has melted and as a result it's very hard to see with any degree of accuracy exactly how fast we were going. -- Planes, Trains, and Automobiles
Our swords shall play the orators for us.
Our task in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
Our thought is the key which unlocks the doors of the world. There is something in us which corresponds to that which is around us, beneath us, and above us. -- Samuel McChord Crothers
Our top story today... in a move that could affect children townwide, the library book purchase committee slashed its budget by 3%. First on the chopping block: periodicals. -- Lisa Simpson
Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it. -- Alex Schure
Our water pressure is so low, you have to run around in the shower to get wet. -- Peter Campbell
Our world is one of nuclear giants and ethical infants. -- Gen. Omar N. Bradley
Ours is a generation without an identity. We are burdened by our parents' choices, and so don't know hot to make our own intelligently. We are destined to rendezvous with the decisions of both what was their present and what is now ours. -- Adam Rifkin (By way of Michael Patrick)
Ours is a world where people don't know what they want and are willing to go through hell to get it.
Ours is the hallucination generation.
Out here in the U.S. of A.age we got something called the four basic food groups. (banana) This is not one of them. -- Encino Man
Out of curiosity, would you sleep with her? I can't figure out if she's sleepworthy. -- Adam Rifkin
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
Out of sight is out of mind. -- Arthur Clough
Out of sight, out of mind == Invisible idiot -- Chinese translator
Out of the frying pan, and boned up the ass with a red hot poker! -- Brandon Lee in Showdown in Little Tokyo
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Out of the penis-pan, into the crossfire. -- Andrew Plotkin on Bruce selling his Magic cards to buy a paintball gun
Out the 10Base-T, through the router, down the T1, over the leased line, off the bridge, past the firewall... nothing but Net.
OUT TO LUNCH - If not back at five, OUT TO DINNER!
Outgoing Portland Trail Blazer executive Wally Scales thinks NBA players are out of touch with the real world. "Not long ago," he says, "I asked one player how much money he thought the average person made, and his guess was about $100,000 a year." -- SF Chronicle
Outlaw junk mail, and save the trees!
Outlaw junk mail, and save the trees
Outnumbered, yes. Outmaneuvered, maybe. Outclassed, never!
Outside a dog, a book is a man's best friend; inside a dog, it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Outside noisy = Inside empty.
Outside of the killings, [Washington] has one of the lowest crime rates in the country. -- Marion Barry
Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country. -- Marion Barry
Outside of traffic, there is nothing that has held this country back as much as committees. -- Will Rogers
Over here, the church in my town was first built in 675. Buildings up to 1000 years old are thick on the ground, some are close to 2000. Megalithic monuments are 5000 years old. Painted caves 30000. People have been living in this area for 700000 years... -- Robert Harley
Over Thanksgiving holiday with my family, I frequently asked myself the question, Is it polite to tell people to go stuff their bird?
Over the UUCP link, out the ethernet, through the media converter, down the fiber, off a router, down the 56K, past my ISP... nothing but Net. -- Dave Owen (IBM)
Over the weekend I exchanged email with a Unix guy who chastised me for being "insular" and proposed to tell me how to speak to Unix people with proper humility. Well, I only pray to one God in relation to computers, and His name is Murphy -- Dave Winer
Over the weekend, Howard Cosell was pronounced dead. He immediately argued that the doctor was in no position to make that call. -- Bill Maher
Over the years we have been warned about the danger of subversive organizations that would threaten our liberties, subvert our system, would encourage its members to take further illegal action to advance their views, organizations that would incite and promote violence, pitting one American group against another... There is an organization that does fit those descriptions, and it is the organization, the leadership of which has been most constant in its warning to us to be on guard against such harm. The [FBI] did all of those things. -- Senator Philip A. Hart (Select Committee on Intelligence Activities and the Rights of Americans)
Overall, however, the adaptation falls flat, lacking the true grit of its characters, lacking, in fact, in both the Fear and Loathing Departments. -- Brad Wieners reviewing the radio adaptation of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
Overboarding, n.: Overcompensating for fears about the future by plunging headlong into a job or life-style seemingly unrelated to one's previous interests; i.e., Amway sales, aerobics, the Republican Party, a career in law, cults, McJobs.... -- Douglas Coupland
Overcome by jealousy, Data dismembers the Energizer Bunny
Overdrawn? But I still have checks left!!!
Overdrawn? But I still have checks left!
Overdrawn? But I still have checks left
Overdue for reincarnation. One dimension short of reality. If he were any more stupid, he'd have to be watered twice a week.
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
Overflow on /dev/null; please empty the bit bucket.
Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
Overload--core meltdown sequence initiated.
Overnight successes take a long time. It takes perseverance. You just have to keep on going. -- Steve Jobs
Oversimplification doesn't solve problems, it just changes them into less tractable problems.
Oversleeping is a mighty poor way to make your dreams come true.
Overweight is something that just sort of snacks up on you.
Overweight is something that sort of snacks up on you.
Ow. I believe I have overexerted myself. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
oW/;*a*=CRg <--- Tribbles living near Three Mile Island.
Owen will eat a mint and then will enjoy his fresh, minty breath. -- David Letterman
Owing to the particular construction of our brains we have a somewhat better memory for the past that for the future. -- Sir Hermann Bondi (Halley Lecture @ Oxford, 16 May 1962)
Owl's spelling was good. Sometimes it wobbled a bit and the letters got in the wrong places, but it was good spelling. -- A.A. Milne
Owning a house has changed my ideas about marriage. If I ever get married again, it's going to be to a plumber.
OWWW! Quit it. -- Bart Simpson
Oxymorons... military intelligence and tech support
Oz never did give nothing to the Tin Man that he didn't already have. -- America
P-K4.
p.s. Just kidding about the small furry animals. I would't kill them REALLY, I might just try to hurt their feelings a little though. -- Phillip R. Scarr
P3S. ObTrivia from Business Traveler International: In 20 years, travel will be $2T, but travelers will only represent 7% of humans. (WTO). -- Rohit Khare
Pablo Picasso paints by numbers.
Pac-Man had a personality. Sure, it was the personality of a paramecium with only two behaviors: engorge or flee. But he had a certain prokaryotic flair. Women thought he was cute. But most importantly, he gave the player something to identify with. Pac-Man gave videogames a face. -- J.C. Herz
Pacific Tech presents smart people on ice! -- Real Genius
Pack up your Tribbles in your old kit bag.
Pack your ass, my good man. Time to kick back, drink some beers, and schmoke some weed! -- Clerks
Packrat's credo: "I have no use for it, but I hate to see it go to waste."
Pagan Missionary, Pagan and Proud.
Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intellegnece and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great saddness on Earth. -- Dostoevsky
Pain heals. Chicks dig scars. Glory lasts forever. -- Shane Falco (The Replacements)
Pain is a tremendous teacher; it gives you a chance to learn much faster. -- Asil Nadir
Pain is better than emptiness, emptiness is better than nothing, and nothing is better than this. -- King Missile
Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional.
Pain is just God's way of hurting you.
Pain is only weakness leaving the body. -- Ski guide Roko Koell (of the CMH Bugaboo Lodge near Golden, British Columbia)
Pain is temporary. Death is permanent.
Pain is temporary. Film is eternal.
Paint him red, and then kill him. -- High Plains Drifter
Paint the White House black. -- George Clinton
Painting and ****ing a lot are not compatible; it weakens the brain. -- Vincent Van Gogh
Pajamas, n.: Item of clothing laid by the bed in case of fire.
Paladins do it good or not at all.
Paladins don't do it.
Palindrome isn't one.
Palindrome: Do not start at rats to nod.
Palindrome: Eros? Sidney, my end is sore!
Palindrome: Evil I did dwell, lewd did I live.
Palindrome: Go hang a salami! I'm a lasagna hog!
Palindrome: Lew, Otto has a hot towel!
Palindrome: Live not on evil.
Palindrome: Madam, I'm Adam.
Palindrome: Niagara, o roar again.
Palindrome: No misses ordered roses, Simon.
Palindrome: Not New York, Roy went on.
Palindrome: Pull up if I pull up.
Palindrome: Reviled did I live, said I, as evil I did deliver.
Palindrome: Satan, oscillate my metallic sonatas.
Palindrome: Some men interpret nine memos.
Palindrome: Sums are not set as a test on Erasmus.
Palindrome: Was it a car or a cat I saw?
Palindrome: Yawn a more Roman way.
Palindromic plan for Saturday nights... Stratagem: megatarts.
Palliate, v. tr.: 1. To make (an offense or crime) seem less serious; extenuate. 2. To make less severe or intense; mitigate. 3. To relieve the symptoms of a disease or disorder.
Palliate, v. tr.: 1. To make (an offense or crime) seem less serious; extenuate. 2. To make less severe or intense; mitigate: tried unsuccessfully to palliate the widespread discontent. 3. To relieve the symptoms of a disease or disorder.
Pandemonium doesn't reign here... It pours!
Pandora's litterbox is getting mighty high. -- E
panic: can't find /
Panic: can't find rm -rf *
Paper is always strongest at the perforations. -- Corry
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now, only much better. -- Laurie Anderson
Parallel computer, n.: Hardware which behaves as if it were 'software.'
Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
Parallel processors share the task.
Parameters, n. pl.: Device for measuring two voltages at the same time.
Paranoia doesn't mean that the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Paranoia is heightened awareness.
Paranoia is rarely baseless. -- John Dobbin
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
Paranoia is the belief in a hidden order behind the visible.
Paranoia will get you through times of no enemies better than enemies will get you through times of no paranoia. -- Pete Granger
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one. -- http://www.dante.net/%7esteven/index.html
Paranoid, n.: A couple interrupted by a cop in lover's lane.
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems. It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid, too. -- D. J. Hicks
Pardo's First Postulate, Arnold's Addendum: Everything else causes cancer in rats.
Pardo's First Postulate: Anything good in this world is either immoral, illegal, or fattening.
pardon me for being crass but: who cares. -- Kate Cronin
Pardon me miss, but I help noticing that you have cum in your hair. (Pick up line)
Pardon me, but I could'nt help noticing how much you look like everyone else. -- MST3K
Pardon me, do you have any grey poop on?
Pardon me, sir, but you've had one order N too many. -- Robert Rodgers
Pardon my driving; I'm trying to reload.
Parental advisory: explicit f-ing lyrics.
Parenthetical remarks (however relevant) are unnecessary.
Parenting is like wallpapering: when you know how, you are finished! -- Mullens
Parents of unruly children will be flown (at their own expense) to Singapore, fined, imprisoned and caned.
Parents often talk about the younger generations as if they didn't have anything to do with it.
Parity bit, n.: Having two guests over for tea
Parity is for farmers. -- Seymour Cray
Parker's Law: Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Parkinson's 13th law: Action expands to fill the void created by human failure.
Parkinson's 1st Law, Karl's version: Work expands to exceed the time allotted to it.
Parkinson's 1st Law: Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
Parkinson's 2nd Law: Expenditures rise to meet income.
Parkinson's 4th Law: The number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done.
Parkinson's 5th Law: If there is a way to delay in important decision, the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
PARKINSON'S FIRST LAW: Work expands to fill available time.
Parkinson's Law of Committees: The amount of time spent by a committee on an agenda item is inversely proportional to the cost of the item.
PARKINSON'S SECOND LAW: Expenditures rise to meet income.
Parsley is gharsley.
Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside. -- Mark Twain
Part-time musicians are semiconductors.
Particle man. Is he a dot, or is he a speck? When he's underwater does he get wet? Or does the water get him instead? Nobody knows... -- They Might Be Giants
Particularly the coconut. Soaks up a lot of excess -- it's really important to keep it on the side... -- When Harry Met Sally
Parting is all we know of heaven, and all we need of hell. -- Emily Dickinson
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
Pascal is a five-cent language because that's how much a Niklaus Wirth.
Pascal is not a high-level language. -- Steven Feiner
Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat. -- M. Devine
PASCAL programmers REPEAT it.
Pascal Users: To show respect for the 313th anniversary (tomorrow) of the death of Blaise Pascal, your programs will be run at half speed.
Pascal, n.: A programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it.
Pascal: A programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it.
Pass the cute chicks more or less all over me, would you please? -- Bruce Sherrod
Pass the Word. Eat a Bible.
Passion for destruction is also a creative passion. -- Slacker
Passion, though a bad regulator, is a powerful spring. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life. -- Eric Hoffer
Passionate kissing, like a spider's web, leads to the undoing of the fly.
Password:
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
Pat Buchanan is so homophobic he blames global warming on the AIDS quilt. -- Dennis Miller
Pat Buchanan says there's no room on his campaign staff for racists or sexists. Of coarse not, those positions were filled months ago.
Pat cloth, n.: The other side of velcro.
Pat's going to win in '92. I'll see to it. I don't care where I have to break into. -- G. Gordon Liddy
Patageometry, n.: The study of those mathematical properties that are invariant under brain transplants.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
Path = Wandering Considerably.
PATH=harddrive;drawer;desktop;pocket;boxincloset;boxunder
Pathos IS the way to a woman's heart. -- Megan Coughlin
Patience - a minor form of despair disguised as a virtue.
Patience and perseverance pave the pathway to all goals. -- Kathryn Major
Patience is a remedy for every sorrow. -- Pubilius Syrus
Patience is a virtue that carries a lot of WAIT!
Patience is a virtue, have it if you can; it's seldom in a woman and never in a man. -- Irish proverb
Patience is passion tamed. -- Lyman Abbott
Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you but not in the one ahead of you.
Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears!
Patience is the ability to put up with people you'd like to put down. -- Ulrike Ruffert
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble. -- Titus Maccius Plautus
Patience, my friend, is the key of paradise.
Patrick Henry should see how bad taxation WITH representation is.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel. -- Samuel Johnson
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons. -- Bertrand Russell
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it. -- George Bernard Shaw
Patting yourself on the back doesn't push you ahead. -- Car Wash Philosophy
PATTON'S LAW: A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
Pauca sed matura. [Few but excellent.] -- Gauss
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
PAUL'S LAW: Don't force it, get a bigger hammer.
Paul's Law: In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
Paul's Law: You can't fall off the floor.
PAUL'S SECOND LAW: You need a bigger hammer.
PAUL'S THIRD LAW: If it breaks, you used too big a hammer.
Paula Jones says she can positively identify Bill Clinton's anatomy. Bill Clinton better watch out because Hillary has a habit of shredding evidence.
Pause for storage relocation.
Pave the bay.
Pavlov was forced to stop his research after the dogs ate the Avon Lady.
Pay attention to the pregnant woman! There is no one more important than she. -- Chagga saying
Pay for what you get because anything free has a rattlesnake under it. -- John Updike (Rabbit Redux)
Pay no attention to that little man behind the keyboard.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtains.
Pay no attention to what the critics say; there has never been set up a statue in honor of a critic. -- Jean Sibelius
PayDay is the candybar of the gawds.
Paying tolls is like throwing money out the window.
PC rules: Airhead = Cerebo Atmospheric.
PC rules: Alive = Temporarily Metabolically Abled.
PC rules: Atheist = Deity Disadvantaged.
PC rules: Bald = Follicularly Challenged.
PC rules: Body Odor = Nondiscretionary Fragrance.
PC rules: Cattle Ranch = Mooschwitz.
PC rules: Cheeseburger = Adding Insult to Injury.
PC rules: Clumsy = Uniquely Coordinated.
PC rules: Dead = Metabolically Different; Terminally Inconvenienced; Living Impaired.
PC rules: Dirty Old Man = Sexually Focused Chronologically Gifted Individual.
PC rules: Dishonest = Ethically Disoriented.
PC rules: Doped = Chemically Inconvenienced.
PC rules: Drunk/Trashed = Spatially Perplexed.
PC rules: Elderly = Chronologically Gifted.
PC rules: Fail = Acheive A Deficiency.
PC rules: Fat = Horizontally Challenged.
PC rules: Gang = Youth Group.
PC rules: Ghetto = Pre-Integrated Pre-Nirvana.
PC rules: Hamburger = Seared Mutilated Animal Flesh (SMAF).
PC rules: Homeless = Involuntarily Undomiciled.
PC rules: Horny = Sexually Challenged.
PC rules: Houseplant = Botanical Companion.
PC rules: Ignorant = Knowledge-Based Nonpossessor.
PC rules: Impotent = An involuntary suspension of phallocentric activity.
PC rules: Incompetent = Uniquely Proficient; Specially Skilled.
PC rules: Late = Temporally Challenged.
PC rules: Lazy = Motivationally Deficient.
PC rules: Panhandler = Unaffiliated Applicant For Private-Sector Funding.
PC rules: Pregnant = Parasitically Opressed.
PC rules: Serial Killer = Person With Difficult-To-Meet Needs.
PC rules: Short = Vertically Challenged.
PC rules: Single = Romantically Challenged.
PC rules: Slum = Economic Oppression Zone (EOZ).
PC rules: Someone with nothing wrong = Disadvantage Impaired.
PC rules: Spendthrift = Negative Saver.
PC rules: Stupid = Cerebrally Challenged.
PC rules: Suicide = Autoeuthanasia.
PC rules: Trees = Oxygen Exchange Units.
PC rules: Ugly = Cosmetically Different.
PC rules: Unemployed = Involuntarily Leisured.
PC rules: Vagrant = Nonspecifically Destinationed Individual.
PC rules: Verbose = Alternatively Concise.
PC rules: Worst = Least Best.
PC rules: Wrong = Differently Logical.
PC Rules: Yankee = grits-challenged individual.
PDF has its own quirks, but at least it doesn't require that tools for analyzing and/or manipulating it solve the Halting Problem. -- Dan Martinez comparing PDF and PS
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land. -- Anwar Sadat
Peace is not a passive, but an active virtue.
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice. -- Barnel Spinoza
Peace is not something you wish for; it is something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. -- Robert Fulghum
Peace is not the absence of war. Peace is the presence of a system for resolving conflicts before war becomes necessary. War never creates peace.
Peace is the ideal deduced from the fact that there have been interludes between wars. -- Jerry Pournelle
Peace on Earth, and good will towards Smurfs.
Peace sells... but who's buying? -- Megadeth
Peace through superior firepower.
Peace, Love, and Prosperity!
Peace, n.: In international affairs, a period of cheating between two periods of fighting. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Peaceful solitary night, Moonless and starless, Enshroud the day that wounds me, In your darkest veils...
Peaceful times have come and gone, it's time to ****in' kill somebody... -- Pearl Jam
Peak mental activity: 4 to 18. At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.
Peanut butter.
Peanuts, n.: The Drinking Man's Filter.
Pecor's Health-Food Principle: Never eat rutabaga on any day of the week that has a y in it.
Peculiar travel suggestions are dancing lessons from God. -- Bokonon
Pedaeration, sniglet: The perfect body heat achieved by having one leg under the sheet and one hanging off the edge of the bed.
Pedants don't c-h-a-n-g-e lightbulbs, they r-e-p-l-a-c-e them.
Pedestrian pushbuttons at stoplights are placebos. -- Cecil Adams
Peel me off this Velcro seat and get me moving. -- Green Day
Peeping Tom, n.: A window fan.
PEER'S LAW: The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
Pen bad. Keyboard good. Thought transference really good. -- John Dobbin's matrix of input devices
Penalty for premature evacuation. -- Reality Bites
Penicillin, n.: What to give a man who has everything.
Pennsylvania is just a state that gets in your way when you're trying to get to other states! -- Ridgely Schantz
PENNSYLVANIA: Cook with Coal.
Pennsylvania: Pittsburgh, on one side, Phillidelphia on the other, and Alabama in between. -- Mark Denovich
PENNY'S LAW: You can fool all of the people some of the time and some all of the time, but you can't fool Mom.
Pense avec le corps. Think with your body.
Pentiums melt in your PC, not in your hand.
People always wonder why geek colleges like CalTech, MIT and CMU, populated as they are by the low-status gimps who couldn't get invited to even the lamest parties in high school, have such serious drinking problems. But think about it. Geeks have egos too, and the easiest way to rise out of geekdom is to drink heavily. It's status in a bottle. -- Peter Chang
People are *always* saying to say hi, and you do. I ask you *once* to stab her with a sharp object and do you do it? I'm hurt. (But Michelle isn't, and I'm sure she'd prefer it that way.) -- John Dobbin
People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them. -- George Bernard Shaw (Mrs. Warren's Profession)
People are always looking for things to do to pass the time that would pass anyway. -- Samuel Beckett
People are always making rules for themselves and always finding loopholes. -- William Rotsler
People are funny. Put a sign saying WET PAINT on a door and they will have to make a personal investigation.
People are funny. Tell them there is 400k of space left on a disk and they will believe you.
People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school WAS society. -- Heathers
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs.
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather, because it's safer to pick on rich women than biker gangs. -- Lenny Schafer
People are naturally afraid of the dark. Men fear things that go bump and grind in the night.
People are not homeless if they're sleeping in the streets of their own hometowns. -- Dan Quayle
People are not property and kisses are not contracts.
People are people so why should it be, you and I should get along so awfully? -- Depeche Mode
People are stupid, and the small consolation we get from the understanding that they will all die does not make the enduring of the present any brighter. -- Richard Bullington
People are stupid. ALL THE TIME. -- Paul Mazaitis
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discover themselves than by those found by others. -- Blaise Pascal
People are very open-minded about new things--as long as they're exactly like the old ones. -- Charles F. Kettering
People call me a feminist when I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat. -- Rebecca West (1913)
People can be very frightened of change. -- Kirk STVI
People can help other people only when they have learned about the depths in themselves. -- Michael Meade (The Sun, January 1994)
People Can't live with em, Can't live without em
People catch worms to go fishing. People eat fish that just ate worms. There is definitely a wasted step here. -- Dogbert
People change, and smile: but the agony abides.
People complain that Americans are too violent, that we have too many guns. Hey, how do you think we GOT America in the first place?
People criticize my father because they say his models say inane things. I've met these girls. They ARE inane. -- Christie Hefner (attributed)
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid. -- Kierkegaard
People deny reality. They fight against real feelings caused by real circumstances. They build mental worlds of shoulds, oughts, and might-have-beens. Real changes begin with real appraisal and acceptance of what is. Then realistic action is possible. -- David Reynolds
People differ. Some object to the fan dancer, and others to the fan.
People do not care to play chess on the edge of a precipice.
People don't *have* medical records; are you going to drag a filecabinet of records around the slums for 10 years? -- Rohit Khare
People don't ask for facts in making up their minds. They would rather have one good, soul-satisfying emotion than a dozen facts. -- Robert Keith Leavitt
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
People don't commit murder on credit. -- Dial M for Murder
People don't form relationships, they take hostages.
People don't tend to be objective when discussing a lawsuit. -- C. David Stansey (Attorney at Law)
People fear to offend or hurt others, not because they are kind but because they do not care for the truth. -- Susan Sontag
People forget how fast you did a job, but they remember how well you did it. -- Howard Newton
People from Tampa, Florida are called Tampons.
People get real comfortable with their features. Nobody gets comfortable with their hair. Hair trauma. It's the universal thing. -- Jamie Lee Curtis
People hardly ever make use of the freedom they have, for example, freedom of thought; instead, they demand freedom of speech as a compensation. -- Soren Kierkegaard
People have been trained to be stupid. They need a word-checker to spell, they need a titular watch to tell time, and they need a goddamn PC to give them their sex and their community. -- Harlan Ellison
People have never respected Matrox and that's because its name features conventional capitalisation. Anyone who is serious about making good 3D cards ensures that their names have an odd mix of capital and lower case letters: 3Dfx, nVidia and even lowly ATi nowadays. -- wincent.org editorial
People have one thing in common: they are all different.
People have to go out of their mind before they can come to their senses. -- Timothy Leary
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. Neither should they nail up pictures.
People in networked markets have figured out that they get far better information and support from a rock than from most Linux distributors. -- Joshua Nowell
People in the computer industry use the word "user", which to them means "idiot". -- Dave Barry
People keep telling me that this is the party of Lincoln, but there are so many millionaires here it's more like the party of Lexus. -- Chris Rock on the Republicans
People like ta see the dead guy's hat. -- The Public Eye
People like that I generally have the urge to deal with by thrusting reality in their face as bluntly as possible, and then beating them about the head with it. -- Sean Simmons
People look at you kind of funny when you walk down the street naked with a gun.
People look better under arrest,...it gives you an aggressive fashion look. -- John Waters
People make it sound like all I had to do was write this little paper. -- David Duchovny (Reacting to a lack of understanding of how far he was from completing his Ph.D. dissertation when he quit school to pursue an acting career. Duchovny has a Masters degree from Yale.)
People may doubt what you say, but they will always believe what you do.
People must not attempt to impose their own 'truth' on others. The right to profess the truth must always be upheld, but not in a way that involves contempt for those who may think differently. -- John Paul II
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election. -- Otto von Bismarck (1815-98)
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to. -- George Allen
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
People only see what they are prepared to see. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
People pay more attention to you when they think you're up to something. -- Calvin
People rarely succeed at anything unless they have fun doing it.
People say crazy stuff during sex. One time I called this girl mom. -- Clerks
People say I'm apathetic, but I don't care.
People say that everyone has a few skeletons in their closet. Not me. Well, not yet anyway. I mean, the bodies are still decomposing. -- R.M. Weiner
People say: idle curiosity. The one thing curiosity cannot be is idle. -- Leo Rosten
People should be aware of the dangers of killing themselves. -- TIME magazine
People should get beat up for stating their beliefs. -- They Might be Giants
People should have a license before they're allowed to drive on the superhighway. -- Andrew Demkin
People shouldn't think sexual abstinence is a good way of preventing diseases. That's like saying suffocation is a good way of preventing lung cancer. -- Dan Redican
People smart enough to give good advice are usually smart enough to give none.
People start out with souls for the same reason that D&D characters start out with a handful of gold - the thing itself isn't too useful, but you can trade it for magic items and cool powers that might come in handy later. -- Greg Plesur
People tell me one thing one day and out the other. -- Joshua Schachter
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense. -- Ken Kesey
People think that just because you are a millionaire you stop having money worries, but that is not true. You still have to worry about where the next Rolex is coming from. -- Melvin Eddison (A millionaire who won 32.5 million pounds in the UK's National Lottery)
People usually get what's coming to them. Unless it's been mailed.
People vote for president more often than they read printed documentation. The only documentation that counts is the stuff that's on-line. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
People want to know how much you care before they care how much you know. -- James F. Hind
People who achieve mastery have the ability to be outrageous. -- Gita Bellin
People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better press than people who are just funny and smart. -- Howard Simons (The Washington Post)
People who are grateful are usually good.
People who are incapable of making decisions are the ones who hit those barrels at freeway exits.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them.
People who are modest usually have reason to be. -- Adam Rifkin
People who believe things can't be done, will go out and prove they are "right"
People who can least afford to pay rent pay rent.
People who can most afford to pay rent build equity.
People who claim that little things don't bother them never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who deal with bits should expect to get bitten. -- Jon Bentley
People who deeply proclaim their everlasting, heartfelt, most passionate love for someone, then three days later complain that he/she is not worth the time to have a bad day over.
People who depend on their family tree for status should shake it first.
People who depend on their family, friends, independence, brains and hard work are destined to succeed. People who depend on the government, welfare, affirmative action, ignorance and the lottery are destined to fail.
People who don't like classical music just don't listen to it loud enough. -- Mark Hahn
People who drink light "beer" don't like the taste of beer; they just like to pee a lot. -- Capital Brewery
People who fight fire with fire with fire usually end up with ashes. -- Abigail Van Buren
People who get nostalgic about childhood were obviously never children. -- Calvin
People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't. -- Ozman (Ozman's Law)
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it. -- Ogden Nash
People who like this sort of thing will find this the sort of thing they like. -- Abraham Lincoln
People who live in glass blouses shouldn't show bones.
People who live in glass houses don't have much of a sex life.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't change clothes.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones; they should paint.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't!
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
People who live in wooden houses shouldn't flame.
People who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either being made.
People who mind their own business die of boredom by thirty.
People who outcast don't belong in the reel world. -- Adam Rifkin
People who say they sleep like a baby, usually don't have one. -- Leo J. Burke
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who take issue with control of population do not understand that if it is not done in a gracefull way, nature will do it in a brutal fashion. -- H. Kendall
People who think for a living have always been especially prone to confuse thinking with living. -- G. L. Sicherman
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them. -- Dave Barry
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
People will die this year that never died before.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they did yesterday.
People will laugh at you, but let not that prevent you.
People will not become more tolerant of something if that thing is waved arrogantly in their faces.
People will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit.
People with documents in their hands look like hardworking employees heading for important meetings. People with nothing in their hands look like they're heading for the cafeteria. People with the newspaper in their hands look like they're heading for the bathroom. -- Scott Adams
People with horse sense know when to say nay.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
People with no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them
People without a sense of humor don't have any sense at all.
People would rather live with a problem they cannot solve rather than accept a solution they cannot understand. -- Woolsey-Swanson Rule
People writing about the "powerful Web presence" of the Tribune must never have actually tried to navigate its site. They may have a "commitment" to online journalism; they need to figure out how to make the experience different from walking to Canada through knee-high split-pea soup. -- Jon Carroll
Pepperidge Fa-ahm remembahs. -- MST3K
Peppier, n.: The waiter at fancy restaurant who only grinds pepper.
Peppier, sniglet: The waiter at a fancy restaurant whose sole purpose seems to be walking around asking diners if they want ground pepper.
Pepsi's Super Bowl ad in which the kid sips on the straw until he's pulled inside the bottle is interesting. If he sucks long enough, he can play for the Rams.
Perceptive viewers are likely to think two things to themselves: 1) Who's been cloning Baldwin brothers? 2) What the hell is this? The fatter, uglier sibling movie? -- Mr. Cranky
Perchance, would you be inclined to participate, at my domicile, sans apparel, in a modicum of copulation? -- Top 5
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt. [Confound those who have said our remarks before us.] or [May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]" -- Aelius Donatus
Peregrinate, v.: To journey or travel from place to place, especially on foot.
Perestroika: could it happen here? -- Tom Neff
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Perfect paranoia is perfect awareness. -- Golden Years
Perfection is in thoughts, not words. -- Adam Rifkin
Perfection is our goal. Excellence will be tolerated.
Perfection is the child of time. -- Joseph Hall
Perfection is the only way we can understand the mind of God.
Perfidy, n. pl.: 1. Deliberate breach of faith; calculated violation of trust; treachery. 2. The act or an instance of treachery.
Performance is pretty good; looks basically like AFS. -- Darrell Long
Performance will continue to outsell Promise.
Perhaps I'm old and tired, but I always think that the chances of finding out what really is going on are so absurdly remote that the only thing to do is to say hang the sense of it and just keep yourself occupied. -- Douglas Adams
Perhaps it means nothing, or as we know, sometimes a person can mean nothing. -- Ann Marie Clark
Perhaps it was because Nero played the fiddle that they burned Rome.
Perhaps some future [D&D] variation may even take a cue from recursive movies like "Being John Malkovich" and the "Scream" series. In it, you'd play a game-company vice president with the Bard-like name of Dancey. To win, you'd need to regain the trust of e mbittered former loyalists and guide them through the bizarre Astral Plane known as the Internet -- where a cruel kingdom called Microsoft battles a guild of gnome-like tinkerers and their nebbishy leader, a sorcerer from faraway Finland, the one with an unpronounceable name and a magic penguin. -- Wagner James Au
Perhaps the adjective elderly requires definition. In physics, mathematics, and astronautics it means over thirty; in the other disciplines, senile decay is sometimes postponed to the forties. There are, of course, glorious exceptions; but as every researcher just out of college knows, scientists of over fifty are good for nothing but board meetings, and should at all costs be kept out of the laboratory! -- Arthur C. Clarke
Perhaps the most concise summary of enlightenment would be: transcending dualism. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Perhaps the only dismaying aspect of excellence is that it makes living in a world of mediocrity an ongoing prospect of living hell. The subtle distressing perturbation. -- Harlan Ellison
Perhaps there is a vitamin deficiency that causes people to send lots of email. I think my case is fairly mild, but Adam's condition is clearly chronic. -- Gordon Irlam
Perhaps there isn't any change, ever, in anything. Perhaps unchangeable things only pass. -- John Steinbeck (To a God Unknown)
Perhaps there should be a new `quantum' type; you would be able to takeits address or value, but not both simultaneously. -- Michael Shields in comp.std.c++
Perhaps those who have learned the lowdown on enlightenment return to their state before enlightenment. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Perhaps we foraged for sustenance together, snorfeling water at a nearby stream... -- Hudsucker Proxy
Perhaps you and the jerko here could come with us.
Perhaps you recognize me from daytime television?
Perhaps you'll have some time to think rather than write. -- Dick Taylor
Perhaps your problem is that you need to have problems. And hence the problem *is* the solution, and vice-versa. -- Adam Rifkin
Perhaps your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Periods of tranquility are seldom prolific of creative achievement. Mankind has to be stirred up.
Peripheral, n.: Now you see it, now you don't...
PERKINS' POSTULATE: The bigger they are...the harder they hit.
perl is not just an insane language. it is the insane language of CHOICE. -- Vijay Gill
Perl is the crystal meth of programming: it's so incredibly useful when you need to do a large amount of work in a small amount of time that you tend to overlook the fact that it's basically precipitating the implosion of your vital organs. -- Dan Martinez
Permission for lip to wobble, Sir...
Perot/Bush/Quayle: The Millionaire, Skipper and Gilligan.
Perry Mason bribes judges.
Persian Proverb: A thief is a king till he's caught.
Persian Proverb: At night a cotton-seed is the same as a pearl.
Persian Proverb: He gives a party with bath-water.
Persian Proverb: No lamp burns till morning.
Persian Proverb: The doctor must heal his own bald head.
Persian Proverb: The drowning man is not troubled by rain.
Persian Proverb: Trust in God, but tie your camel.
Persian Proverb: Walls have mice and mice have ears.
Persian Proverb: What is brought by the wind will be carried away by the wind.
Persian Proverb: You can't pick up two melons with one hand.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failures. -- Edward Eggleston
Person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt person doing it. -- Chinese proverb
Personal computing, n.: Kinky computer dating service.
Personality has the power to open doors, but character keeps them open.
Personally I do not take a stand on the quaint customs that may take place in the colonies. If they wish to speak in a certain way then that is their business. When the greatest cultural aspiration of a society is to place a MacBurger Bar and Hagen Das Ice Cream palour on every highstreet of the globe it seems somewhat irrelevant to start taking them up on their vocabulary. -- Phill Hallam-Baker
Personally I think you and your fang-wearing D&D-playing pals pretty well embody the Jungian "wanker" motif. Yeah, I got your Dark Gift right here, buddy. -- Jamie Zawinski
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught. -- Winston Churchill
Personally, I lasted about a week in New York. My new motto is "If they could run faster they'd still be alive." Funny how I became jaded AFTER the Marine Corps. -- Duck on being a carnivore
personally, i think "otis" is the perfect name for any program, no matter what it does. -- Andrew Stellman
Personally, I think BASIC is superior because it has a longer name than C or LISP, Pascal and Scheme have lower-case letters, and FORTRAN just basically sucks. -- Andrew Stellman
Personally, I'd prefer first prize -- dinner without Stephen Jay Gould. -- Dan Martinez
Personally, should I ever form a globe spanning conglomerate, I intend to do it fairly and without malice or dirty politics. I hope you fellows don't make that too difficult a task; I would have to have you all killed. -- David Neal
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot. -- Mark Twain (The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn)
PESSIMAL [Latin-based antonym for 'optimal'] adj. Maximally bad. This is a pessimal situation.
Pessimism is only the name that men of weak nerves give to wisdom. -- Elbert Hubbard
Pessimism never won any battle. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Pessimism: Every dark cloud has a silver lining, but lightning kills several hundred people a year who are trying to find it. -- www.despair.com
Pessimist, n.: Someone who can look at the land of milk and honey and see only calories and cholesterol.
Pessimist/Optimist, n.: A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is one who hopes so.
PESSIMIZING COMPILER n. A compiler that produces object code that is worse than the straightforward or obvious translation.
Pet Store: "Buy one, get one flea."
Peter Norton is the Betty Crocker of software
Peter Principle: In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own incompetency.
Peter's Law of Substitution: Look after the molehills, and the mountains will look after themselves.
Peters hungry, time to eat lunch.
Petonic, sniglet: One who is embarrassed to undress in front of a household pet.
Petroleum and coffee had no value a few centuries ago.
Pets are not just for Christmas, but for a LIFETIME
Pets: pure love contained in soft packages.
Peyote, n.: A tranch plant.
PG = the hero gets the girl. R = the villain gets the girl. X = everybody in the movie gets the girl.
PGP: Secret decoder rings for the Internet. -- Tatsuya Murase
Ph-nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
Phasers don't kill people...Unless you set them too high
Phasors locked on target, Captain.
PHENOMINAL COSMIC POWER... itty bitty living space. -- Aladdin
Phenothalein is the active ingredient in Ex-lax.
Phil Gramm, you miss the point completely: Conservatism is never cool. It's all about hunkering down and staying static, or even going backward. -- Bill Maher
phil's a pretty cool guy. i was in a bunch of classes (including discrete math) with him sophomore year. he was friends with my fundamentalist christian roommate junior year. he wouldn't appreciate fellatio humor, so out of respect for him, the last three lines haven't contained any. -- Andrew Stellman
Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to exciting Camden, New Jersey.
Philadelphia just seems dull because it's next to exciting Camden, New Jersey.
Philip Morris is recalling cigarettes because a potentially harmful insecticide has found its way into the normal cancer causing ingredients. Some smokers said the dizziness gave their coughing spells a party like quality.
Philip Morris USA has recalled 8 billion possibly tainted cigarettes because they could cause smokers such "temporary discomforts" as eye, nose and throat irritation, dizziness, coughing and wheezing or just leave a bad taste in the mouth. Isn't that what normal cigarettes do?
Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.
Philosophers are often like small children who scribble random marks on paper and then ask an adult, "What is this?" -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
Philosophy is a game with objectives and no rules. Mathematics is a game with rules and no objectives.
Philosophy is a walk on the slippery rocks.
Philosophy is useless, theology is worse. -- Dire Straits
Philosophy of life: Eat every cookie as if it's the LAST cookie!
Philosophy of Life: What it comes down to is, when you come into the world you have nothing ... when you leave you have nothing ... and in between there's the IRS. -- Bob Thaves (Frank & Ernest)
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings. -- John Keats
Philosophy, n.: Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Phlebotomists - it's a tough jab, but somebody's gotta do it.
Phoebe is Phoebe but Ursula is HOT. -- Friends
Phoebe Sengers is either the most wickedly skilled baiter of OpBB/Discussion readers I've ever seen, or a complete fruitcake. I can't figure out which. -- David S. Touretzky
Phone call for cbh.
Phone rates are so high in Iran because everyone calls Persian to Persian.
Phonesia, sniglet: The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.
Photographers do it in dark rooms.
Photography is one percent inspiration and 99 percent moving furniture.
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic!
Photons have neither morals or visas. -- David Farber
Physical discomfort is important only when the mood is wrong. Then you fasten on to whatever thing is uncomfortable and call that the cause. But if the mood is right, then physical discomfort doesn't mean much. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Physical Plant: The plants are no longer touching; They're spending their time playing mind games. -- Fitz McKinzie
Physical toughness will make your opponent weaken, mental toughness will make him crack. -- Vince Lombardi
Physicists do it with charm.
Physicists do it with rigid bodies and simple harmonic motion.
Physicists don't do science. The universe does science, we just watch and try to understand.
Physicists have their quarks.
Physics is becoming so unbelievably complex that it is taking longer and longer to train a physicist. It is taking so long, in fact, to train a physicist to the place where he understands the nature of physical problems that he is already too old to solve them. -- Eugene Wigner
Physics is not a religion. If it were, we'd have a much easier time raising money. -- Leon Lederman
Physics is to mathematics as sex is to masturbation. -- Richard Feynman
Physics majors do it at the speed of light.
Physics without calculus is like sex without love. It does work, but you get the feeling that there's something missing. Calculus without physics, on the other hand, is like love without sex: it is a noble pursuit which serves as its own reward, but there is nonetheless a certain element of frustration. -- Martin Frankel
Pi R squared. Nooo! Pie R round, cornbread R square!
Pi seconds is a nanocentury. -- Tom Duff (Bell Labs)
Picard to bridge, where am I?
Picard to Lwaxana: Not THAT kind of 'Engage'
Pick a song and sing a yellow nectarine; take a bath i'll drink the water that you leave. -- Stone Temple Pilots
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. -- Jonathan Kozol
Pick good people --- talent never wears out.
Pick good people. Talent never wears out.
Pick up the mountain and bring it to me. Then I will tell you. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Pick your poisson, he said, fishing for compliments. -- Adam Rifkin
Picnic and Panic (the difference between), n.: Twenty-eight days.
Picture if you will...
Picture: A chicken and an egg, lying in bed side-by-side, each smoking a cigarette. Caption: Who came first?
Pie are not square. Pie are round. Cornbread are square.
Piece de Resistance, n.: A French virgin.
Piece of cake, Master? Radial slice of baked confection ... coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero. -- Doctor Who
Piety requries us to honor truth above friends. -- Aristotle
Pimp, n.: A fornicaterer.
Pimp, n.: A snatch purser.
Pinata, n.: Spanish for "Rodney King."
Ping-pong players have light plastic balls.
Pinky: "What are we going to do tonight, Brain?" Brain: "The same thing we do every night, Pinky: try to install Windows 95!"
Pinocchio is a swinger.
Pipe flames to /dev/null/here/is/a/quarter/now/go/buy/a/clue.
Pipe gives wise man time to think and fool something to stick in mouth.
PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed by the CIA or FBI. You have minor influence over your associates and people resent your flaunting of your power. You lack confidence and you are generally a coward. Pisces people do terrible things to small animals.
Pittsburgh is an acquired distaste. -- Nicholas Brownlow
Pittsburgh: If you don't like the weather, wait a minute. -- Jameel al Khafiz
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. -- Don Marquis
Pity the poor corpuscle, for he labors in vein.
Pity the poor egg: it only gets laid once.
Pity the poor slob who just wants to get something done. Set adrift in a sea of functionality he can neither comprehend nor control -- buried in toolbars, insulted by assistants -- he can only look at the state of the average application's user interface and think that things can't possibly get any worse. Inevitably, he's wrong. -- Suck
pixel, n.: A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays. The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology: Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department. -- Jeff Meyer
Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth. -- Ozman (Ozman's Law)
Pizza IS the four food groups!
Pizza: Nature's perfect food.
Pizzle, n. [prob. fr. Flem. pezel]: 1. the penis of an animal (as a bull) 2. a whip made of a bull's pizzle
Pizzled, adj.: An inebriated state of some sort that loosens up one's wallet. You can get pizzled on papapot [69UBIK], or by pizzling away at the bottle [70MAZE].
PKZIP - it's not just for downloads anymore.
PL/1, "the fatal disease", belongs more to the problem set than to the solution set. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Place pronouns as close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more words, to their antecedents.
Plagarism prohibited. Derive carefully.
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Plagiarism prohibited; derive carefully.
Plagiarism, n.: A less subtle form of intertextuality. -- G.K. Blank
Plaintiff Wile E. Coyote is a citizen of Arizona. Defendant Acme is a Delaware corporation whose products are sold by mail order in every state in the nation. Plaintiff seeks damages for injuries caused by defects in an extensive list of products purchased from Defendant for use in his profession of predator. -- Scott Berger
Plan to say something simple and short. Start with that and then wing it!
Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow. -- Fred Brooks (The Mythical Man Month)
Plan your work, and work your plan.
Planning is everything; plans are nothing. -- General Eisenhower
Plans are one thing and fate another. When they coincide, success results. Yet success musn't be considered the absolute. It is questionable, for that matter, whether success is an adequate response to life. Success can eliminate as many options as failure. -- Tom Robbins (Even Cowgirls Get The Blues)
Plasma is another matter.
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week.
Plate sin with gold, and the strong lance of justice hurtless breaks; Arm it in rags, a pygmy's straw doth pierce it. -- William Shakespeare (King Lear iv 170)
Plato believed that everything was an imperfect copy of one true object. The chair you're sitting in, for example, would be an approximation of the one true Chair which existed in some ethereal plane of existence.
Play for more than you can afford to lose, and you will learn the game. -- Winston Churchill
Play it, Sam.
Playdoh is too salty. Silly Putty chews like gum.
Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table. -- Dave Barry
Playing on the edge means being willing to go into the unknown. It means approaching that place where real growth occurs. -- Stephen Levine
Playing strip poker with an exhibitionist somehow defeats the object...
Playing with Transformer toys and reading Descartes are both bad things to do while on acid: It's a plane. It's a robot. It's a plane. WHAT THE FUCK IS IT?!?!? -- Frank Tinsman
Please all, and you will please none.
Please baby, please baby, baby baby please baby. -- Spike Lee
Please break the laws of the physical universe for my convenience. Amen. -- Emo Phillips
Please check the overhead compartments for any personal belongings or small children you may have brought on board.
Please complete this phrase "no additional French troops were deployed on the north side of": a)the city on Thursday, before the riot began, because commanders felt the existing number was sufficient. b)France, in WWII, because commanders felt the existing number was sufficient. c)Vietnam, before the communist uprising, because commanders felt the existing number was sufficient. d)this is a trick question. everyone knows the French don't deploy soldiers on the north side of anything. -- Scott Potter
Please consider immediately upon return from the grocery store opening any new jar of peanut butter purchased on the trip and consuming at least one teaspoon of the delicacy. This practice ensures that the rest of the jar is fair game the next time you have left-overs!!!!! You will be rewarded for your forethought and planning!! -- W.C.R.",
Please Do NOT Feed The Paranoias. Thank You. -- The Management -- Aleecia McDonald
Please do not shoot the pianist. He is doing his best.
Please do not speak. It will only save you embarassment in the future. -- Mark Argent
Please do not throw your cigarette butts on the floor. The roaches are getting cancer.
Please don't ask me what the score is. I'm not even sure what game we're playing.
Please don't complain that your free lunch tastes bad. -- Richard Bullington
Please don't disillusion me. I haven't had breakfast yet. -- Orson Scott Card (Children of the Mind)
Please don't look at the part of the glass that is only half full. -- George H. W. Bush
Please don't put your life in the hands of a rock and roll band. We'll throw it all away. -- Oasis (Don't Look Back in Anger)
Please enjoy San Francisco without me, as I am poor and deathly afraid to meet half of you anyway. -- Duck
Please excuse John for being absent January 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, and 33.
Please excuse the crayon. They don't allow us to use anything sharp here.
Please explain "important." Use as many Ben Franklins as necessary... -- Rohit Khare
Please follow more cautiously Life's Golden Rule.
Please go away.
Please ignore previous fortune.
Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.
PLEASE LOG OFF.... NOW
Please never cross the streams: Tim Byars and Robert Harley are both wild and crazy anti-establishmentarian hedonists, but they're mathematically, technically, follically, and morphologically worlds apart... -- Rohit Khare
Please never use the term oral exploration again. -- John Dobbin
Please Note. As of the ending date of this statement, this account is now closed. ... Getting Cash From Our ATMs Will Become More Convenient For You -- Crestar Bank closing statement
Please read Exodus 20:16, Isaiah 47:3, and Hebrews 10:26-30 KJV
Please recycle this tagline. Once is not enough.
Please refrain from touching that extremely cool piece of equipment. -- Dave Wiggins
Please reply with your age, height, weight, brief medical history, and the *usual* type of orgasm you experience. Also the frequency of your orgasms, and their magnitude. Your reply will be entered into the FoRK database and shared with my colleagues. -- Dr. Tim Byars
Please return stewardess to original upright position.
Please steal this tagline, and spread it around the world.
Please take cash.
Please take note:
Please Tell Me if you Don't Get This Message
Please tell the Pope that I disagree with him about the Pill. If you don't play the game, don't make the rules.
Please think when you drink....
Please try not to be such a wienerhead. -- Dave Barry
Please try to limit the amount of "this room doesn't have any bazingas" until you are told that those rooms are "punched out". Once punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such. -- N. Meyrowitz
Please update your programs.
Please, doctor, not while my wife is on board. -- O'Brien
Please, God, let there not be a seventh quark! Six days, six quarks, remember? -- Joe Barrera
Please, no mouse balls, dyslexic agnostics, Iraqi drivers ed, strings in bar or bell-ringer jokes. -- Brad Templeton
Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
Pleasure before business is a must in assassination.
Pleasure is the only thing to live for. Nothing ages like happiness. -- Oscar Wilde
Pleasure is the start and end of living happily. -- Epicurus
Pleasure, n.: The least hateful form of dejection. -- Ambrose Bierce
Plenty of lead in the old pencil... and I only write to one person. -- Rod Stewart (50, on his plans for more kids with his wife, Rachel Hunter, 25)
Plot is like a spine... if you rip it out, something dies. -- Josh Byer
Plumbers do it with pipe wrenches.
Plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose. The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Plus programmers CYCLE forever, until you make them EXIT.
PNATTMBTC = Pay No Attention To The Man Behind The Curtain.
Pobody's Nerfect!
Pocahontas talking to an enchanted tree and living peacefully among the birds and forest animals: that's spirituality. Pocahontas receiving a dues statement from her local synagogue: that's religion. -- Rabbi Joshua Hammerman (The Jewish Week 12/29/95)
Poetry and Hums aren't things which you get, they're things which get YOU. And all you can do is go where they can find you. -- AA Milne (Pooh)
Poetry isn't obscene, it's per verse.
Poets go from bad to verse.
Pohl's Law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Point of view is worth 80 IQ points. -- Alan Kay
point out to me one person who's ever worked for Steve Jobs twice. You're kind of disposable in Steve's eyes -- and I've been disposed of. All the ex-Mac people will tell you, you only drink purple Kool-aid once. -- Steve Capps (Apple Finder and Newton developer)
Points and lines, lines and points, welcome to the third dimension. If only I had the time... -- Adam Rifkin
Poise, n.: Raising only one eyebrow on your first trip to the nudist camp.
Poisonous asps. Very dangerous. You go first. -- Indiana Jones
Polaroids, n. pl.: What polar bears get from sitting on icebergs.
Police are searching for an assault suspect whose victims claim had a distinctively bad body odor. A police artist is reportedly working on a scratch and sniff composite drawing.
Police in Bonn, Germany, reported that someone had broken into 11 music stores and plunged knives into the stores' accordions.
Police report that raves have become so much fun, many of the participants aren't bothering to take drugs anymore. Worried dealers have dubbed this the "Why do K?" Problem. -- Spider Robinson
Polite conversation is seldom either.
Polite: Would you mind not bobbing your head; the orchestra keeps changing the tempo. -- Roxanne
Politeness, n: The most acceptable hypocrisy. -- Ambrose Bierce
Political Correctness is a Borg plot.
Political journalism in America has always been more akin to stenography than inquiry. -- John R. MacArthur
Political Moderator, n.: A guy who makes enemies left and right.
Political panjandrums prologize pedantic paronomasia.
Political power flows from the barrel of a gun. -- Mao Tse-tung
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Political theater needs more theater and less politics. -- Rohit Khare
Politically Incorrect -- and damn proud of it
Politicians are interested in people. Not that this is always a virtue. Fleas are interested in dogs. -- P.J. O'Rourke
Politicians are like diapers. They need changing every so often and for much the same reason. -- H. Ross Perot
Politicians are like football coaches. They have to be smart enough to understand the game, and dumb enough to think it's important.
Politicians are people who, when they see light at the end of the tunnel, go out and buy some more tunnel. -- John Quinton
Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river. -- Nikita Khrushchev
Politicians have done very well... for themselves.
Politicians prefer unarmed peasants. Ask the Lithuanians.
Politicians really like people, they really do, but then, so do fleas. -- PJ O'Rourke
Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated. -- Will Rogers
Politics is like coaching a football team. You have to be smart enough to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed, there are many rewards; if you disgrace yourself, you can always write a book. -- Ronald Reagan
Politics is show business for ugly people. -- Jay Leno
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first. -- Ronald Reagan
Politics is the entertainment branch of industry. -- Frank Zappa
Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed. -- Mao Tse-Tung
Politics: Poly (many) + Ticks (blood-sucking parasites)
Polluting New Jersey... like who's gonna notice?
polyamory: multiple lovers. not to be confused with cleveland amory: multiple cats. -- May Jawdat
Polymer Physicists are into chains.
Polyunsaturated, n.: A dry parrot.
Pommersheim's Principle: All obvious theorems are true. Keane's Kriterion: All true theorems are obvious.
Poor boys and pilgrims and families and we are going to Graceland. -- Paul Simon
Poor dear, there's nothing between his ears. -- Margaret Thatcher (about Ronald Regan, 6/2/88 issue of The New York Times)
Poor Grendel's had an accident. So may you all. -- John Gardner
Poor Inferno, condemned to technological purgatory. -- Adam Rifkin
Poor Lorena Bobbit. All she wanted was sex to go.
Poor Lou Gehrig died of Lou Gehrig's disease. How'd he not see that coming? -- Denis Leary
Poor people are crazy. I'm eccentric. -- Dennis Hopper (Speed)
Poor stoneager. Spend a million years chillin' in a block of ice, and now he has to go to high school. -- Encino Man
Poor taste leads to crime. -- Arthur Conan Doyle
Pop quiz, hot shot: You're going to award ceremonies all year long, you keep losing to Forrest Gump; it's really annoying the hell out of you. What do you do? You go to the MTV awards! -- Quentin Tarantino
Popcorn is a $750million a year industry. -- US News and World Report (1997)
Popular consensus says that reality is based on popular consensus. -- Rich Rosen
Popularity is the hallmark of mediocrity. -- Frasier
PORKINGHAM'S FISHING PHILOSOPHY: The worse your line is tangled, the better is the fishing around you.
PORKINGHAM'S LAW: The time available to go fishing shrinks as fishing season draws near.
Pornography is in the groin of the beholder.
Pornography? We don't even have a pornograph!
Porridge: oat cuisine.
Porsche - there is no substitute.
Porsche... for men who want to get jobs from women they hardly know. -- Crazy People
Portable: Survives system reboot.
Poseidon does it underwater.
Posh mortem. Death styles of the rich and famous.
Positions are for hockey players. -- H. Ross Perot
Positive expectations yield negative results.
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice. -- Ambrose Bierce
Post mortem debugging can be fun, especially when you get to see the victim die over and over again in slow motion! -- Greg Marriott
Post no bills.
Postage not necessary if mailed within the United States.
Postmaudlin, n.: An Irish writer with a hangover. -- Hilary J. Thompson
Pot is like a gang of bandits in your brain. They wait for thoughts to come down the road, then tie them up and trash them. -- Kevin Rooney
Pot. Kettle. Event horizon. -- Dan Martinez
Potential is never squandered. It's just used in different ways. -- John Dobbin
Potholder, n.: What you don't want to be when the cops arrive.
Pound for pound, grasshoppers are three times as nutritious as beef.
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
Pound forehead on keyboard to continue.t.
Poverty is not the root ("rut") cause of crime. -- Rush Limbaugh
Power belongs to the titled few. Anyone can be strong. -- James P. Carse (Finite and Infinite Games)
Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power corrupts, but we still need electricity.
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat. -- John Lehman (Secretary of the Navy 1981-1987)
Power corrupts. Absolute power really turns on the chicks. -- Jeff Mink
Power corrupts. And atomic power corrupts atomically.
Power corrupts; obsolete power corrupts obsoletely. -- Ted Nelson (Hypertext pioneer, on Microsoft)
Power does corrupt. Just run a good cross-current past your data cables, you'll see. -- Ari Rapkin
Power is having every justification to kill, but refusing. -- Schindler's List
Power is Me sneaking into your home through a wire. -- Todd Rungren
Power is poison.
Power is the means, not the end. Secure it first, then get on with your ends. Just see that the means do not BECOME the ends. -- Piers Anthony
Power means not having to respond.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely. -- Lord Acton (Letter to Bishop Mandell Creighton, 3 April 1887)
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power, corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men. -- Lord Acton
Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power Users believe computer salesmen. -- Richard Murnane
Power, n.: The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
Power, n: The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
Powerhouse Advertising and Friends publishes a children's book about a cottontail who celebrates Easter and Passover called Matzo Bunny.
Practical Nurse, n.: One who falls in love with a wealthy patient.
Practical people would be more practical if they would take a little more time for dreaming. -- J. P. McEvoy
Practically perfect in every way. -- Mary Poppins
Practice co-dependent passive-agressive guilt-projecting behavior so you'll be ready for round one of the annual Family Feud. -- Top 5
Practice makes perfect, except when it comes to getting up in the morning.
Practice makes perfect, perfect is a fault and fault lines change. -- REM
Practice makes perverts. -- Adam Rifkin
Practice parallel monogamy.
Practice safe government... use kingdoms.
Practice yourself what you preach. -- Titus Maccius Plautus
Praise does wonders for the sense of hearing. -- Bits and Pieces
Praise is like champagne; it should be served while it is still bubbling.
Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition. -- Howell Forgy (12/7/41)
Praise the sea; on shore remain. -- John Florio
Pray for obscene mail.
Pray for the success of atheism.
Pray that there's intelligent life somehere out in space, because there's bugger all down here on earth. -- Monty Python
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore. (Russian Proverb)
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Preach the Gospel through your whole life. If necessary use words.
Precinct toilet stolen. Cops have nothing to go on...
Precious and few are the moments we two can share. -- Carpenters
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Predicament, n.: The wage of consistency. -- Ambrose Bierce
Predicting the future of technology is fraud with peril!
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future. -- Niels Bohr
Pregnancy, n.: Taking seriously something that was poked in fun.
Prejudice is a wonderful time-saver. You can form opinions without bothering to obtain facts.
Prejudice is the child of ignorance. -- William Hazlitt
Prejudice is the reason of fools. -- Voltaire
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming. -- Donald E. Knuth
Premature withdrawal may lead to loss of interest.
Prepare for a flood of stories so cute, you'll be wishing you had some tinfoil to gnaw on. -- Megan Coughlin
Prepare to be assimilated dahling. -- Zsa Zsa of Borg
Prepare to die like a man, Baldrick... Or as close as you can come to a man without actually shaving the palms of your hands. -- Blackadder
Prepare to meet thy GOD! (Evening dress optional)
preponderatingly because unless statistics lie he was more brave than me:more blond than you -- ee cummings
Preserve the old, but know the new.
President Clinton held a summit meeting with Chinese leader. They discussed arms control, human rights, and why those little packets of soy sauce you get at Chinese takeouts are so darned hard to open.
President Clinton, on a roll from apologizing for slavery, today also apologized for "cancer, both world wars, Milli Vanilli and New Kids on the Block, the metric system, Pauly Shore, New Coke, platform shoes, the Betamax format, voice mail, the AMC Pacer, tofu burritos, the Boxer Rebellion, high pressure sodium lights, telemarketing, Spam, and the movies 'Speed 2: Cruise Control' and 'Batman & Robin'." -- Martell Stroup
President Reagan didn't always know what he knew. -- Oliver North
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50% of the vote. In a democracy, that's not called quitting. -- The Washington Post
Press <CTRL>-<ALT>-<DELETE> to continue.
Press all the keys at once to continue.
Press all the keys at once to continue...
Press any key - EXCEPT THAT ONE
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit.
Press the bomb button. You and the lion die as one. -- Heathers
Pressure is playing for $50 a hole with only $5 in your pocket. -- Lee Trevino
Pressure is the normal force acting upon an engineer.
Presumably the JPEG decompression on the PCs used Intel's MMX DCT, the one that is so imprecise that it fails the relevant IEEE standard. Wonder why they don't trumpet about that in their MMX publicity blurb??? -- Robert Harley
Pretend to spank me, I'm a pseudo-masochist.
Pretty daring of you to be storing important files on a Unix system. -- Robert Seastrom
Pretty Wooden would be a great name for a band. -- Adam Rifkin
Pretzel makers are a twisted bunch.
Prevent security leaks.
Preventing baldness is simple. just knot your hair from the inside.
Prey animals collect in herds (or schools) to prevent any single one from being cut off and "captured." Predators roam individually so they don't have to share their catch - though they may cooperate in attempts to break up or spook a herd. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Price of admission -- your premise.
Price to universities: a system that is cheap for university CS students will, ten years later, be the dominant technology in any market where software development innovation is important -- Phil Greenspun
PRICE'S LAW: If everybody doesn't want it, nobody gets it.
Pride dines upon Vanity, sups on Contempt. Poor Richard.
Pride invites calamity; humility reaps its harvest.
Pride is a wonderful terrible thing. A seed that bears two vines. LIFE and DEATH. -- Scarlett Ibis
Pride is what we have. Vanity is what others have.
Primary Colors includes equal dollops of oratory and oral sex. Put it on the "to read" list.
Prince of Darkness: ... We offer a way out of the guilt and constant drumbeat of negativism, the don't-do-thises and don't-do-thats of the past. My message is basically one of optimism, achievement, and empowerment. For me, the glass is always half full. Forget about 666, our new watchword in the wired world is 24/7! -- Brian Miller (Seattle Weekly)
Printer's ink has been running a race against gunpowder these many, many years. Ink is handicapped, in a way, because you can blow up a man with gunpowder in half a second, while it may take twenty years to blow him up with a book. But the gunpowder destroys itself along with its victim, while a book can keep on exploding for centuries. -- Chistopher Morley (The Haunted Bookshop)
Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.
Printout, n.: A document to verify data you know is wrong anyway
Prior intelligence does not make up for current stupidity.
Prior planning prevents piss poor performance. -- Bill Rifkin
Prism, n.: Place where light waves go that have committed minor refractions.
Privacy is extinct.
Pro &amp; con are opposites, what about progress &amp; congress?
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.
Probability has turned modern science into a truth casino. -- Bart Kosko in Fuzzy Thinking (The New Science of Fuzzy Logic)
Probability is easy; either a thing will happen or it wont, so all probabilities are 50%.
Probable-Possible, my black hen, She lays eggs in the Relative When. She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now Because she's unable to postulate how. -- Frederick Winsor
probably just wait until the right moment to make a move and have her rip my heart out and toss some quicklime on it and then throw it in a blender, chug it, snarf it so it goes out her nose, and then flush the remnants down the toilet. -- Adam Rixey
Probably only about 3 hours, but it's three hours of documentary, and not three hours of Braveheart. -- Megan Coughlin on Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media
Probably the earliest fly swatters were nothing more than some sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick. -- Jack Handey
Problems which have arisen from the use of computers. The computers use of lot of electricity - well more than a filing cabinet.
Problems without solutions? The idealist in me says NO WAY; the cynic in me stays silent. -- Kendall Bullen
Problems worthy of attack prove their worth by hitting back. -- Piet Hein (Grooks)
Proceed with Caution - Twisted Mind Under Construction
Procrastinate now!
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. -- Don Marquis
Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry.
Procrastination: Hard work often pays off over time, but laziness always pays off now. -- www.despair.com
Procrastinators have the advantage of working with the very latest data available. -- Tom Talley
Proctor and Gamble apologized for the accidental halt of a "lifetime supply" of toilet paper deliveries to actor Dick Wilson, who for 25 years exhorted customers not to squeeze the Charmin. "He is Mr. Whipple, and will always be Mr. Whipple, and certainly we want to make sure that nothing but Charmin goes in his bathroom." -- Newsweek
Production is not the application of tools to material, but of logic to work. -- Peter Drucker
Productive? You could have put a rack of monkeys on toilets and they would have been more productive! Better product, too... -- Rohit Khare
Productivity is a wonderful thing to me. Lack of it makes me feel like crap, like I'm getting buried under an evergrowing heap of stuff that is sucking the breath and the life out of me. -- Michelle Gardner
Profanity and obscenity entitle people who don't want unpleasant information to close their eyes and ears to you. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Hocus Pocus)
Profanity is the inevitable linguistic crutch of the inarticulate motherfucker. -- Bruce Sherrod
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Profanity is the one language that all programmers understand.
Profanity often lends itself to contentment not found even at prayer. -- Mark Twain
Professionals are predictable. It's the amateurs that are dangerous.
Professor Goddard does not know the relation between action and reaction and the need to have something better than a vacuum against which to react. He seems to lack the basic knowledge ladled out daily in high schools. -- The New York Times (Editorial, 1921)
Professor of Archeology, expert on the occult, and how does one say it? Obtainer of rare antiquities. -- Raiders of the Lost Ark
PROFESSORS BLOCK'S MOTTO: Forgive and Remember.
Profits are better than wages. Wages make you a living; Profits make you a fortune. -- Jim Rohn
Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it.
Program counter, n.: Software librarian.
Program too small to fit into memory.
Programmatically is a Microsoft euphamism for 'with many lines of code.' -- from a Microsoft Access tutorial manual
Programmer (n): One who makes the lies the salesman told come true.
Programmer, n.: Red eyed mumbling mammal, capable of communicating with inanimate objects.
Programmers are always trying to be weirder than their machines. It's kind of a macho thing.
Programmers do it a bit at a time.
Programmers do it in loops.
Programmers get overlaid.
Programming department: Mistakes made while you wait.
Programming is debugging the null program until it does what you want.
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support the product for life.
Programming is the art form that fights back.
Programming just with goto's is like swatting flies with a sledgehammer.
programming should be fun. With d3d,it's not. It really isn't. How can I express this. ... Imagine programming... a seriously complex system... with COBOL. -- Robert Rodgers
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. -- Rich Cook
Programming X Windows is like trying to find the square root of pi using roman numerals. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Programs are like waffles... you should always throw the first one out. -- Burt Sutherland
Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Progress is made on alternative Fridays.
Progress is not striving for economic justice or fairness, but economic growth. -- Rush Limbaugh
Progress might have been all right once, but it has gone on too long. -- Ogden Nash
Progress occurs when we are no longer willing to accept the consequences of our inaction.
Progress, n.: The process through which Usenet has evolved from smart people in front of dumb terminals to dumb people in front of smart terminals. -- obs@burnout.demon.co.uk (obscurity)
Prohibition... goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite by legislation and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes. A prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded. -- Abraham Lincoln
Project: To determine what makes thinks tick. Plan: ...to stop the ticking.
Prolog programmers are a cut above the rest.
Prom, n.: A social event for adolescents
Promiscuity, controlled substances, and annepestic tempo.
Promiscuous: Someone who gets more sex than you
Promising a demo may be a bit ambitious, given the current status of the implementation project. -- Paolo Sivilotti
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
PRONOUN trouble. It's not, he doesn't have to shoot YOU now. It's, he doesn't have to shoot ME now. -- Daffy Duck
Pronounce your prepositions, damn it!
Proof by accumulated evidence: Diligent search has not revealed counterexample
Proof by appeal to authority: Because I said so, that's why...
Proof by cosmology: The negation of the proposition is unimaginable.
Proof by cumbersome notation: Use at least four alphabets and special symbols.
Proof by example: It works for n=2, suggesting the ideas for a general proof.
Proof by exhaustion: An issue or two of a journal is devoted to the proof.
Proof by importance: Much useful information logically follows from it...
Proof by intimidation: It's trivial.
Proof by mutual consent: We concur the verity of these statements...
Proof by vigorous handwaving: Because that's the way it's always been.
Proof of theorem 6.2 is trivial from theorem 6.9.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Proofreading is more effective after publication. -- Barker
Proper treatment can cure a cold in seven days - but left to itself it'll hang on for a week.
Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand. -- Ezra Pound
Prophecy is the wit of a fool. -- Vladimir Nabokov
Proponents of the House amendment requiring a balanced budget say the measure will abolish excessive government spending. Right, just like the 21st Amendment wiped out drinking.
Proposals, as understood by the proposer, will be judged otherwise by others.
Proposed solution to global warming: Central air conditioning.
Pros are people who do jobs well even when they don't feel like it.
Prosecutors will be violated.
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity a greater. -- William Hazlitt
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them. -- Publilius Syrus
Prosperity tries the fortunate; adversity the great. -- Pliny the Younger
Prosthetic dog claws (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Prostitue, n.: A busy body.
Prostitute, n.: Receiver of swollen goods.
Prostitutes in San Francisco are not obliged to make change for bills larger than $50.
Prostitution gives her an opportunity to meet people. It provides fresh air and wholesome exercise, and keeps her out of trouble. -- Joseph Heller (Catch-22)
Protect endangered species! Contribute to the Exxon Supporter's Fund!
Protect your software at all costs -- all else is meat.
Protons and neutrons are held together by velcrons.
Prototype designs always work.
Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller than the both put together.
Proust, Cosmo. Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference. -- John Dobbin
Prove to me that you are NOT a Psycho Bitch..... -- Mike Darweesh
Provided the development coordinator has a medium at least as good as the Internet, and knows how to lead without coercion, many heads are inevitably better than one. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Prune Juice. A warriors drink
Prunes give you a run for your money.
PS The moral of this story is: if you're spending hours packing in a hot apartment, and the only drink you have cold is a new three liter bottle of wine, instead of drinking the whole bottle, go buy gatorade. -- Jim Zelenka
PS: stinks of cat around here! Pew! -- Robert Harley
Psi Corps! We need a few good telepaths and visionaries.
Psionic creatures don't do it, it's the thought that counts.
Pssst Wanna buy a C compiler ? -- Aldo
Pssst. The root password is 'kumquat'.
Psychiatrists say that mental illness affects one out of four people. Check three friends. If they're OK, you're it.
Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill. Check three friends. If they're ok, you're it.
Psychiatrists stay on your mind.
Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.
Psychoanalysis is confession without absolution. -- G.K. Chesterton
Psychoanalysis is the mental illness it purports to cure. -- Karl Kraus
Psychoceramics, n.: The study of crackpots.
Psychoceramics: The study of crackpots.
Psychologists do it unconsciously.
Psychologists only do it if they feel good about it.
Psychology is half of unsobriety. The other half is proof. -- Adam Rifkin
Psychology isn't like those easy sciences - you know, like physics and chemistry. You study gravity, and gravity is the same wherever it is. You don't have to worry about it if gravity is having a bad day... -- Jack Powell
Psychology marks the triumph of human evolution. How many other species would need a science of the mind? -- Isaac Asimov
Psychotherapy is the theory that the patient will probably get well anyhow and is certainly a damn fool. -- H.L. Mencken
Puberty is a hair-raising experience.
Public bathrooms have no baths.
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy; and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for. -- Adlai E. Stevenson
Public officials are not a group apart. They inevitably reflect the moral tone of the society in which they live. -- John F. Kennedy (Message to Congress, April 27, 1961)
Public schools are the nurseries of all vice and immorality.
Public speakers do it orally.
Public speaking is very easy. -- Senator Dan Quayle
Public speaking tip <li>837: Don't use white-out on transparencies.
Public whining when you're really more fortunate than 90% of the population is not allowed. -- Megan Coughlin
Published for You by a Large, Uncaring, Conglomerate. -- Washington Post
Publishers often refer to prohibited copying as "piracy." In this way, they imply that illegal copying is ethically equivalent to attacking ships on the high seas, kidnaping and murdering the people on them. -- Richard Stallman
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Publishing is the art of buying paper and selling it again at a profit.
Pudding is an adhesive; salad dressing is a lubricant.
Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
Pull a Homer, v.: To succeed despite one's idiocy. -- the Simpsons
Pull yourself together; things are not all that bad.
Pulled head out of ass. Saw shadow. Twelve more months of lists. -- Top 5
Pulling his suspenders so tight his head and ass switch places. -- David Letterman
Puma? Puma! -- Ring of Terror
PumpDon'tWork'CauseTheVandalTookTheHandle
Pumpkin - American definition of incest.
Pumpkin, n.: What people in West Virginia do.
Punctuation is very important. Consider the following sentence, seen recently in a FoRK posting: "Calories and juiciness are in," my ass. Without the correct punctuation, this becomes: Calories and juiciness are in my ass. -- Joe Barrera
Punicillin, n.: A new miracle drug which is being tested as a cure for incorrigible punsterness.
Punk rock isn't dead. It's just taking a nap.
Punsters deserve to be drawn and quoted.
Pupkus, sniglet: The moist residue left on a window after a dog presses its nose to it.
Puppy love is often the prelude to a dog's life.
Pure caffeine... cures headaches, fatigue, aches, pains, neuritis, neuralgia... -- Medicine Man
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the T.V. screen.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
PURGE COMPLETE.
Puritan, n.: A man who no's what he likes.
Puritanism is the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy. -- H.L. Mencken
Purity is not quantifiable. It is inflatable. -- Donald Barthelme (Forty Stories)
Purraps it depends on whether your organ is tumid or flaccid... -- Robert Harley
Push any key. Then push the any other key.
Push the limit, and the limit will move away!
PUSH. If that doesn't work PULL. If that doesn't work we're probably CLOSED.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Pushing your arms back as far as they will go fifty times each day increases your chest measurements.
Put 'em in the trunk.
Put a lid on it, and everything will be all right. -- Squirrel Nut Zippers
Put a tiger in your tank - it's the ideal anti-personnel weapon for use in the small confines of military vehicles.
Put an extra edge in your voice when you say "crazy bread."
Put it back in the horse! -- H. Allen Smith (after drinking his first American beer)
Put it to the wall, Mr. LaForge. -- Picard
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Put on your seatbelt. I wanna try something.
Put people on hold when possible.
Put politicians in their place. Landfills!
Put THAT in your movie! -- Reggie Miller to Spike Lee
Put this in your mouth and repeat after me. Wallamalloo, wallamalloo, wallamalloo. -- Australian proverb
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth.
Put your dates in the honey pot, but don't sink it afterwards in the mud of the Nile.
Put your genius into your life. Put only your talent into your work.
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. THAT'S relativity. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze; internal organs will be scarce in the post-nuclear age. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Put your hard drive to your ear. Can you hear the C: ?
Put your Nose to the Grindstone -- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
Putt's Law: Technology is dominated by two types of people: those who understand what they do not manage, and those who manage what they do not understand.
Putting a bat in the hands of a pitcher is like putting a chastity belt in the hands of a hooker. -- Chili Davis (DH for the Royals, LA Times, 6/12/97)
Putting on his coroner's cap, Data enjoys a rotten corpse
putting the mental in sentimental... one drama at a time. -- Kriste Jordan
Putting your best foot forward at least keeps it out of your mouth. -- Morris Mandel (The Jewish Press)
Puzzle: CROSS + ROADS = DANGER
Pylon, n.: What a nymphomaniac says a a nude beach party.
Q. Can you use a vacuum cleaner on your dog?
Q. How do you make something more bloated and less useful that Motif or OpenLook? A. Make it Motif _and_ OpenLook. -- Sal Denaro
Q: Do you know what the death rate around here is? A: One per person.
Q: Do you yield when a blind pedestrian is crossing the road? A: What for? He can't see my license plate.
Q: How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat? A: Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires. Q: How long does it take? A: It's indeterminate. It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.
Q: How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
Q: How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in San Francisco? A: Both of them.
Q: How many IBM cpu's does it take to do a logical right shift? A: 33. 1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Q: How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job? A: Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Q: How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb? A: 100. Ten to do it, and 90 to write document number GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility, of which 10% of the pages state only This page intentionally left blank, and 20% of the definitions are of the form A ...... consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks.
Q: How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: Three. One to report it as an inspired government program to bring light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a pulitzer prize for reporting that Electric Company hired a lightbulb-assassin to break the bulb in the first place.
Q: How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: One and a half.
Q: How many Newtons does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: Foux! There to eat lemons, axe gravy soup. -- Fred Green
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Three. One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those Californians trying to share the experience.
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? A: FISH
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to hold the girrafe and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.
Q: What do you get when you mix a Jehovah's Witness with a Hell's Angel? A: Some one who knocks on you front door at 7:30 Sunday morning, and tells _you_ to fuck off.
Q: What would a web page be with out a list of links? A: An opportunity to stop goofing off and get back to work. Since we can't have that happen, here are some more time-wasters. -- Mark Denovich
Q: Why did the tachyon cross the road? A: Because it was on the other side.
Q: Why do ducks have flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires.
Q: Why do elephants have flat feet? A: To stamp out flaming ducks.
Q: Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together? A: To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
Qagh -- it's not just for breakfast anymore
QoS means I don't have enough bandwidth, but if you pay me extra money I'll drop someone else's packets instead of yours. -- Dave Rand
Quack!
Quack
Qualities that most attract a woman to a man are the same ones she can't stand years later.
Quality assurance doesn't.
Quality Control, n.: The process of testing one out of every 1,000 units coming off a production line to make sure that at least one out of 100 works.
Quality is a characteristic of thought and statement that is recognized by a non-thinking process. Because definitions are a product of rigid, formal thinking, quality cannot be defined. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives. -- Willa A. Foster
Quality isn't a thing. It is an event. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Quality of life depends on what happens in the space between stimulus and response.
Quando il gioco si fa duro, i duri cominciano a giocare.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.
Quantum Mechanics can explain everything except Madonna, Flame Wars, and NASA's space policy. We're working on the first two.
Quantum mechanics, n.: The dreams stuff is made of.
Quantum physicists do it with flavor and charm.
Quark is the Satan's Pitchfork of the magazine world. -- Elliott Evans
Quark Quark Beware the quantum duck
Que es el problema ahora? <lt;--- sample of a Spanish version of SQL -- anoiksi (#perl, EFNet)
Queensboro president Donald Mannis, charged with receiving bribes in exchange for city contracts, resigned on Tuesday. Mannis feels he must devote more time to impending litigation, some of which might emanate from a recent statement he made comparing New York Mayor Ed Koch to Nazi Martin Bormann. A spokesman from the Bormann estate said they are weighing the odds of a slander suit. Mayor Koch could naturally be reached for comment, but we chose not to listen. -- Dennis Miller (Saturday Night Live)
Quelle est la difference entre une chemise et la Tour Eiffel? Une chemise est sale au col et la Tour Eiffel est colossal.
Quenching the thirst of those below depends upon the imperfect plumbing of those above. -- Reg Whitaker on trickle-down economics
Question all you are. -- Lir (an Irish Band)
Question authority... and the authorities will question you!
Question on government questionnaire: Have you ever committed suicide?
Question the reality by which you set standards.
Question with boldness even the existance of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -- Thomas Jefferson
Question with boldness even the existence of a God, because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear. -- Thomas Jefferson
Question: Man Invented Alcohol, God Invented Grass. Who do you trust?
Questions are a burden for others. Answers are a prison for oneself. -- The Prisoner
Questions are not a rejection of prior beliefs. They are merely a backup of an existing hypothesis. -- Sean Tompkins
Queueing is the only English word with five consecutive vowels.
Qui culpae ignoscit uni suadet pluribus. Pardon one offence and you encourage many. -- Publilius Syrus (Sententiae No 587 c. 43 B.C.)
Quick Act as if nothing has happened
Quick and short can be made quicker and shorter by making them longer.
Quick C. Programmer's quick sand.
Quick Close your mind Something might get in.
Quick to judge, quick to anger, slow to understand. Ignorance and prejudice and fear walk hand in hand. -- Rush (Witch Hunt)
Quick!! Act as if nothing has happened!
Quick, hide the food stamps under the soap!
Quicksand often works slowly.
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur. [Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.]
Quigley's Law: Whoever has any authority over you, no matter how small, will attempt to use it.
Quiniela, n.: A system of betting in which the bettor must pick the first and second place finishers, but need not designate their order of finish to win.
Quip pro quo. A fast retort.
Quit complaining and I'll give you each a bushel of peaches. -- Steve Bondi
Quit looking at fortunes and get back to work.
Quit resisting, you! -- Calvin's teacher
Quit work and play for once.
Quit your whining. You're a student at one of the finest technical universities in the world. Surely someone you know is developing a time machine and needs people to test it for them. -- John Dobbin
Quite a collection of esoterica: Birdbrains I Have Known; Chess and Umbrella-Twirling Made Easy; Concerto for Tapdancer and Orchestra... Provocative Adventures of Achilles and the Tortoise Taking Place in Sundry Spots of the Globe. -- Douglas Hofstadter
Quiting smoking is easy. I've done it many times. -- Mark Twain
Quotation, n.: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another. The words erroneously repeated. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary, 1911)
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Quote! Quote! Young man, the barbarians are hammering at the gates of our civilization, and you stand there saying 'quote' when you mean 'quotation.' -- Prof. Charles Lloyd
quotesfile that. after you dump her. -- Joshua Schachter
quotesfiled. i love how i always inform people of that, like it's some BIG HONOR that requires notification. "Look! I have validated not only your witty speech patterns, but also your existance! ON THE WEB!" -- Kristiina Wilson
Quoth the raven, eat my shorts. -- Bart Simpson
Quoting one is plagiarism. Quoting many is research.
Qvid me anxivs svm?
R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer! -- C3PO (The Empire Strikes Back)
Race is *always* an issue. -- Johnnie Cochran
Race Track, n.: A place where windows clean people.
Racehorse, n.: An animal that can take several thousand people for a ride at one time.
Racial prejudice is a pigment of the imagination.
Racism is man's gravest threat to man, the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason. -- Abraham Joshua Heschel
Racketball players have hollow rubber balls.
Radio is God's way of letting the unemployable collect paychecks. -- Howard Stern
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Radioactive halibut will make fission chips.
Rage is a wind that blows out the candle of reason.
Rage properly channeled can definitely give birth to good even great theater. Disgust, a more passive and distancing emotion, is far less likely to. Would you rush to a play called Look Back in Queasiness? -- Ben Brantley (reviewing the play View of the Dome, NYT, 10/1/96)
Raikes was executing the classic IBM strategy of introducing fear, uncertainty, and doubt into the minds of its regular customers, causing them to wait and see before committing themselves to a competitor's product. -- Jerry Kaplan
Rain doesn't feel as good in real life as it seems to in the movies.
Raincheck? I got a monsoon check! -- John Laroquette
Rains have been so heavy in the Pacific Northwest, that the state flower of Oregon has been changed - to kelp.
Rainy days and automatic weapons get me down.
Rainy days and automatic weapons get me down....
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Raise ducks for quack profit.
Raise the wages of sin!
Raise your hand if this sentence helps you to see the way that English looks to someone who doesn't speak it. -- Greg Plesur
Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
RAM = Rarely Adequate Memory
RAM disk is *not* an installation procedure.
Ram, n.: Los Angeles professional football player.
Ramification, n.: What made Mary have a little lamb.
Rampaging anarchist horde and floating beer party.
Randal said it would be tough to do in sed. He didn't say he didn't understand sed. Randal understands sed quite well. Which is why he uses Perl. -- Larry Wall
Random access is the optimum of the mass storages.
Random access storage, n.: e.g., an attic.
Random lies? I'm partial to directed lies myself. -- John Dobbin
Randomly shooting Intel employees would still upset them, even if they were assured that their odds of being shot were not high. -- Kurt Glaeseman
Rangers do it in the woods.
Rank doesn't intimidate hardware. Neither does the lack of rank.
Rank has its privileges.
Rap music: God's gift to manufacturers of tynenol and excedrin. -- Rumman Gaffur
Rap star Snoop Doggy Dogg, who is about to go on trial for his part in a drive by shooting, could get 25 years in prison if convicted. Let's see... that's about 175 dog years...
Raskolnikov deifies himself. Nietzsche's ubermench. -- Northern Exposure
Rats. I thought I could make an easy four bucks. -- Calvin
Raving beauty: the girl who finished second in a beauty contest.
Ray, a man unburdened by the rigors of coherent thought. -- George Heinz
Ray, when somebody asks you if you're a god, you say YES! -- Ghostbusters
RAY'S PRECISION RULE: Measure with a micrometer - Mark with chalk - Cut with an axe.
Raymond's wife says, "I gave some things up when we had kids..." Raymond says, "Yeah, but did it have to be sex?" -- Everybody Loves Raymond
Razors pain you; Rivers are damp; Acids stain you; And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give; Gas smells awful; You might as well live. -- Dorothy Parker
RB AND RS: These commands no longer reboot if there are extra parameters on the command line. The motivation here is that Dave recently typed 'rb -s' when he meant to type 'rd -s', and he really, really didn't mean to reboot his system at that particular time. -- from the MacsBug 6.5d12 documentation
Re graphics: A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe the picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. -- Pamela Starr
Read everything with your eyes closed and it will all make sense.
Read me
Read my lips... -- George H. W. Bush
Read the docs. Wow, what a radical concept
Read this if you are a site designer. Do not read it if you are prone to sending long flaming e-mail messages. -- David Siegel
Read your Amdahl Business Practices.
Read. Learn. Evolve. -- talk.bizarre credo
Reader, imagine you were an idiot. And imagine you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself. -- Mark Twain
reading camille paglia. sure, she's erudite, but what i really need to know is, IS SHE ANY FUN IN BED? -- Jon Slenk
Reading comp.sys.powerpc would distract me from my sword duty of doing algorithms, graphics and being whined at by Josh. -- Anu Kapoor
Reading furnishes the mind only with material for knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours. -- John Locke (Of Reading)
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reading legal mush can turn your brain to guacamole -- Amiga ROM Kernel Manual
Reading the small print is education; not reading it is experience.
Reading Unix kernel source is like walking down a dark alley. I suddenly stop and think, Oh no, I'm about to be mugged. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Reading X windows source is like taking binoculars to a Lyle Lovett concert.
Reagan's model computer - no period, colon or memory.
Real Ale reaches the parts Heineken daren't mention.
Real charity doesn't care if it's tax-deductible or not. -- Dan Bennett
Real computing power dims streetlights and shrinks the picture on the neighbor's TV.
Real Engineers buy their spouses a set of matched screw-drivers for their birthdays.
Real Engineers consider themselves well dressed if their socks match.
Real Engineers have a non-technical vocabulary of 800 words.
Real Engineers know the "ABC's of Infrared" from A to B.
Real Engineers know the second law of thermodynamics - but not their own shirt size.
Real Engineers rotate their tires for laughs.
Real Engineers say "298 Kelvins" and all you can say is "Isn't it a nice day?"
Real Engineers wear moustaches or beards for efficiency, not because they're lazy.
Real friends are those who, when you've made a fool of yourself, don't feel that you've done a permanent job.
Real human wealth, in the form of security, freedom, productivity, and knowledge, is scarcely captured by unexercised stock options. There are no line items that gauge the real engines of prosperity: vision, passion, and commitment. The plain truth is you cannot suck reality from the hypnotic glow of a vacuum tube. -- Jerry Kaplan
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. -- Confucius
Real love, despite party line counsel to the contrary, is permeated with dependency, as well it should be. It should therefore come as no surprise that dependency upon the system and its non-human servitors has replaced dependency upon mates. One falls in love and cohabitates with his or her computer.
Real men do not commit suicide. Real men know just how much life sucks. Real men grit their teeth and take it bill after bill, war after war, tumor after tumor. -- Denis Leary
Real men put quiche in their pipe and smoke it. -- Sean Simmons
Real men write self modifying code.
Real milestones are all or nothing. Anything else is an excuse for weaseling. "Almost done" is a euphamism for "Not done". "Half done" is a euphamism for "Half-assed." -- Faisal Jawdat
Real place: Wanker's Corner, Oregon. -- Robert Harley
Real programmers aren't afraid to use GOTO's.
Real programmers can write a FORTRAN program in any language
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. -- Larry Wall
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches. If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it. Vending machines don't sell quiche.
Real programmers don't comment. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
Real programmers don't document. Documentation is for wimps who can't read source.
Real programmers don't draw flowcharts. Cavemen drew flowcharts, and look where it got them.
Real programmers don't eat quiche. They eat junk food and drink Coca Cola.
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
Real programmers don't produce results. They just return exit codes.
Real programmers don't write in APL, unless the whole program can be written in one line.
Real programmers don't write in BASIC. Actually, no one past puberty writes in BASIC.
Real programmers don't write in COBOL. Applications programming is for sissies.
Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for crystallography weenies.
Real programmers don't write in LISP, or any language with more parentheses than code.
Real programmers don't write in PASCAL or ADA. Strong typing is for weak memories.
Real Programmers don't write in PL/I. PL/I is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
Real programmers don't write specs. Users should consider themselves lucky to get anything.
Real programmers know better than the users what they need.
Real programmers know structured and object oriented programming are communist plots.
Real programmers never grow old. They suffer from bugs in their DNA.
Real programmers never grow old. They suffer from burnouts or monumental crashes.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
Real Programmers use FORTRAN. Quiche Eaters use PASCAL. Nicklaus Wirth, the designer of PASCAL, gave a talk once at which he was asked "How do you pronounce your name?". He replied, "You can either call me by name, pronouncing it 'Veert', or call me by value, 'Worth'." One can tell immediately from this comment that Nicklaus Wirth is a Quiche Eater. -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
REAL programmers use undocumented DOS calls
Real programmers write executable code directly with a binary editor.
REAL programmers write in FORTRAN.
Real programmers write programs, not documentation.
Real programmers write self-modifying code.
Real programmers write their own assemblers, preferably in LISP.
Real programs don't eat cache.
Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
Real Swaraj will come, not by the acquisition of authority by a few, but by the acquisition of the capacity by all to resist authority when it is abused. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Real Time, adj.: Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there and then.
Real time, n.: Length of a movie
Real Trekkers work out at the He's Dead Gym.
Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine, but they're never afraid to break your face.
Real Users don't know what they want, but they know your program doesn't have it.
Real Users hate Real Programmers.
Real users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
Real Users never use the help key.
Realism became an outmoded literary mode when no one, from the Warren Commission to Oliver Stone, was able to provide us with a plausible account of the assasination of President Kennedy. This freed us to notice that no one had ever given us a plausible account of WWI either. -- Karen Joy Fowler
Realistic leaders accept occasional disappointment as part of the job and make the best of it.
Reality continues to ruin my life. -- Calvin
Reality does not exist - yet.
Reality happens when you don't make it to the bathroom.
Reality is a cop-out for people who can't handle drugs.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't face drugs.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle buttons.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Reality is a crutch for those of us who can't tolerate booze.
Reality is a crutch.
Reality is a sandwich I did not order. -- Zippy the Pinhead
Reality is a special case. -- David Nicol
Reality is achieved by the indefinite enumeration of objects.
Reality is always the moment of vision before the intellectualization takes place. There is no other reality. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol.
Reality is an illusion that occurs due to lack of caffeine. -- Fred Green
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Reality is blinking again...call for repairs.
Reality is for people who can't cope with science fiction.
Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
Reality is for people who can't handle Star Trek.
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is for people with no grasp of fantasy.
Reality is for the people who can't cope with drugs.
Reality is for those who can't face Science Fiction.
Reality is frequently inaccurate. -- Douglas Adams
Reality is futile. You will be distorted. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Reality is good sometimes for kicks, but don't let it get you down.
Reality is good with fiber.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Reality is just a group hunch. -- Frank Zappa
Reality is just a sick excuse for those who are unable to handle drugs.
Reality is one, immutable, and unchanging; all plurality, change, and motion are mere illusions of the senses. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Reality is so much different. You speed along I-80, imagining that you are leaving behind years worth of emotional baggage at every mile-marker, but when you reach your destination, you are still the same psychofreak you were and now you lack the comparative luxury of hiding in your house to muse over all of your personal failures in the comfort of your own bed. -- Tara Morrison
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -- Philip K. Dick
Reality is the illusion caused by lack of sex and hard liquor.
Reality keeps ruining my life. -- Calvin
Reality stems from the line printer.
Reality sure is big...
Reality--what a concept
REALITY.DAT not found. Press any key to reset Universe.
REALITY.SYS Corrupted - Unable To Recover Universe.
Reality? Is that where the pizza delivery guy comes from?
Reality's the only obstacle to happiness.
Realizing that no decision is a decision itself.
Really ?? What a coincidence, I'm shallow too
Really honey....just 1 more message.
really...the term "kiss of death" is totally redundant -- Steve Bajzek
Really? What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!
Really?? We're having monkey heads?
Really?? What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!
Reason can answer questions, but imagination has to ask them. -- Ralph Gerard
Reason deceives us often; conscience never. -- Jean Jacques Rousseau
Reason, etiquette, accountability, and compromise are strangers in far too many newsgroups these days.
Reasoning by metaphor is crap. Reasoning by analogy is like crap. My what a big pathetic fallacy you have. -- Wayne Baisley
Reasons that sound good aren't always good sound reasons.
Rebellion is like witchcraft. That's what it is, it's like witchcraft. -- Missouri State Rep. Jean Dixon (on labeling offensive music.)
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
Reboot your machine. Do not reboot your machine. -- NT error message
Recall means "it will not be proved here." -- Joel Franklin
Recall reduces traffic. Buy American.
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than being flat broke and having a stomach ache. -- Dolph Sharp (I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot)
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
Recently somebody sold me group insurance. I found out the entire group must get sick before I can collect.
Recently, my personal advisors have been telling me to go to America. Actually, people have been walking up to me in the street and telling me to sod off, but that's the same thing, isn't it? -- Alexei Sayle
Recession is when your neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose your job. These economic downturns are very difficult to predict, but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.
Recession: your friend loses his job. Depression: you lose your job.
Reclaimer, spare that tree Take not a single bit It used to point to me, Now I'm protecting it. It was the reader's CONS That made it, paired by dot; Now, GC, for the nonce, Thou shalt reclaim it not.
Recollection is the only paradise from which we cannot be turned out. -- Jean Paul Richter
RECOVER.COM: a little slice of hell.
Rectifier, n.: The result of a collision with a gas truck
Recurring dream: Mary Lou Retton and I are smoking this really big bong, and then Mary turns into Big Bird and chases me around my room to spank me. -- Rumman Gaffur
Recursive, adj.; see recursive
Recursophobia, n.: Fear of falling into an infinite loop; see recursophobia.
Recycling one copy of the San Jose Mercury News every day for a year will save 4 to 5 trees.
Recycling paper is like not eating bread to save wheat.
red hair is the sign of the devil on earth. GO FOR IT!!! -- Chris Rapier
Red meat is NOT bad for you. Now blue-green meat, THAT'S bad for you!
Red ship crashes into blue ship; sailors marooned.
Red wine for dumpster meals, white for road kill. -- Top 5
Reduce brain fat. Eat Moral Fiber.
Reduce Carbon Dioxide emmissions - STOP Breathing
Redundancy, n.: A Politician with an airbag in his car.
Refenestration: reinstalling Windows -- Joshua Schachter
Refers to his tongue as "the ethics probe". -- David Letterman
Refined sugar is gonna be a tough one to crack. -- Adam Rifkin
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. -- Charles Dickens
Refrain means don't do it. A refrain in music is the part you better not try to sing.
Refresh yourself. Put your tongue on a cold steel guardrail.
Refuse Novocaine... Transcend Dental Medication!
Refuse to be doused by the buckets of ignorance and lacissitude!
Regal Lager, It's not just a beer... It's a palindrome!
Regardless of how much patience we have, we would prefer never to use any of it. -- James T. O'Brien
Regardless what people say, kicking, pounding, throwing, and shaking sometimes DOES help.
Regret is a rough sheet to sleep on. -- Herman Brooks (Herman's Head)
Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
Regulator, n.: e.g., prunes.
Rehab is for quitters.
Rehumanize yourself
Reincarnation is a pleasant surprise.
Reincarnation is making a comeback.
Reincarnation: Life sucks, then you die. Then life sucks again.
Reindeer games? Forget it. -- Top 5
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people who haven't got the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die. -- Oscar Wilde
Relationships are hard. It's like a full-time job, and we should treat it like one. If your boyfriend or girlfriend wants to leave you, they should give you two weeks' notice. There should be severance pay, and before they leave you, they should have to find you a temp. -- Bob Ettinger
Relationships are like approaching the sun. You gotta jump back or you're gonna go blind. -- The Opposite Sex
Relationships are successful in proportion to how real the participants are willing to be.
Relationships based on boredom. Hmmm. That's a step up from relationships based on insanity... -- Don Snow
Relationships like rehab, are for quitters. -- Tim Byars
Relationships would be so much simpler if people just changed color with their mood. -- Sarah Young
Relative calm is expected in South Central Los Angeles for the next several weeks, as looters stay home and try to program their new VCRs. -- Weekend Update
Relativism stinks- you can't call anyone a moron
Relax, It's only yogurt. -- Real Genius
RELAX. HAVE SOME DIP. -- George Carlin
Relay, n.: The second time around.
Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Religion ... is the opium of the masses.
Religion and sex are power plays, manipulate the people for the money they pay. Selling sin, selling God, the numbers look the same on the credit cards. -- Queensryche
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin. -- Anatole France
Religion is the opium of the people. -- Karl Marx (Critique of Hegelian Philosophy of Right, 1844)
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. -- Napoleon
Religion isn't knowing the answers; it's knowing that there ARE answers.
Religion makes no sense because it tries to reconcile the inconceivable, explain the unexplainable, and achieve the unachievable. -- Adam Rifkin
Religion, n.: A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unkowable. -- Ambrose Bierce
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
Religious error: (A)tone, (R)epent, (I)mmolate?
Relinquishing junk. Stage one, preparation. For this you will need one room which you will not leave. Soothing music. Tomato soup, ten tins of. Mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold. Ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of. Magnesia, milk of, one bottle. Paracetomal, mouthwash, vitamins. Mineral water, Lucozade, pornography. One mattress. One bucket for urine, one for feces and one for vomitus. One television and one bottle of Valium. Which I've already procured from my mother. Who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way also a drug addict. And now I'm ready. All I need is one final hit to soothe the pain while the Valium takes effect. -- Trainspotting
Relying on words to lead you to the truth is like relying on an incomplete formal system to lead you to the truth. A formal system - no matter how powerful - cannot lead to all truths. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is when he never used it. -- Dave Barry
Remember - A smile will always increase your face value.
Remember also that constipation is a structured art form but that diarrhea is avant garde.
Remember how I found you there, alone in your electric chair? I told you dirty jokes until you smiled. -- Billy Joel
Remember how many channels we had when we were kids? Three. And if the President was on, your night was shot! -- Jeff Foxworthy
Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you're two steps ahead! -- Fannie Flagg
Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the one holding it. -- Captain Combat
Remember kids: at Carnegie Mellon, it's *always* a cold day in hell. -- Faisal Jawdat
Remember only this: A kiss may not be the truth but it is what we wish was the truth. -- LA Story
Remember that 'average' is simply the best of the poorest and the poorest of the best. -- Zingers
Remember that ``average'' is simply the best of the poorest and the poorest of the best.
Remember that all worlds draw to and end and that noble death is a treasure which no one is too poor to buy. -- C.S. Lewis
Remember that despite what the mass media, politicians, and rich folks tell you, people are basically good, and that we all have the same needs: food, shelter, clothing, love. -- Dennis Miller
Remember that happiness and satisfaction come from within, not from without. -- Adam Rifkin
Remember that the party platform is like the running board on your car, something to get in on, not something to stand on. -- William Crosman
Remember that two wrongs do not make a right--but that three lefts do.
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland. -- National Lampoon (Deteriorada)
Remember the Alamo.
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Remember the movie ET? Everyone thought that the alien was a fake, and the young boys were trying to save him? Watch the movie more closely next time. The Alien is real! The boys are fakes! Real Pre-adolescent boys would have beaten the alien to death with rocks. -- Dave Barry
Remember this and always be persuaded by its truth: the future is not in the hands of fate but in ourselves. -- Jules Jesserand
Remember those days when Atari 2600 cost more than $100? When action movies still had a remote chance of being good? -- Baked Potatoes
Remember to never split an infinitive.
Remember to say hello to your bank teller.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Remember what master chef Mike Roy demanded: low-heat cooking.
Remember when safe sex meant not conceiving?
Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught?
Remember when safe sex meant using a padded headboard?
Remember when we went up a tree so the cops wouldn't see us!?
Remember when you point a finger, three fingers are pointing at you.
Remember when your mother told you not to play Dungeons and Dragons? She told you it would make you satanic, so you played it anyway. That's when you found out it makes you into something much worse: A gigantic nerd. -- ifilm.com
Remember who I was, and not who I might have been. -- Vivian Lee
Remember, folks, fine print makes fine reading... -- Robert S. Thau
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but she did it backwards and in high heels. -- Faith Whittlesey
Remember, grasshopper, your most dangerous enemy is yourself. The issue is not so much what you COULD do with any of these opportunities, the issue is what WILL you do. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Remember, high-tech means breaks down next week, while cutting edge means breaks down this afternoon. -- Bruce Sterling
Remember, if you do it yourself, sooner or later you'll need a bigger hammer.
Remember, it is better to throw a grenade than to catch one.
Remember, it's not a lie if you truly believe it. -- Seinfeld
Remember, it's not the size of the paintbrush, but the amount you flaunt it on the net that counts. -- Kevin Goldsmith
Remember, no one ever got sacked for buying IBM --- just frustrated.
Remember, statisticians are nothing but mathematicians broken down by age and sex. -- Martin Frankel
Remember, the Christmas Spirit is not what you drink. -- Ian Anderson
Remember, the odds against anything that really happens are enormous.
Remember, the paper is always strongest at the perforations.
Remember, the strong get funded...the weak get jobs. As it should be. -- Bob McKisson
Remember, there are ways of succeeding that we would not personally have chosen. -- Bjarne Stroustrup
Remember, this is for posterity, so please, be honest. -- The Princess Bride
Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with.
Remember, Unix on some machines is nUxi.
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
Remember, Voodoo Dolls really work, so do not give them as well-meaning gifts to nut cases! -- Archie McPhee catalog
Remember, Yanks, if it wasn't for us British you'd all have been Spanish.
Remember... don't look directly into the laser with your one remaining good eye!
Remember: Think globally, act idiotically.
Remembering is for those who have forgotten. -- Chinese proverb
Remembering that sadness changes into something beautiful, something big, bigger than words; that sadness is warm, like the ocean that welcomes the setting sun, and full of dignity, like the mountain with its iron fist. -- Sy Safransky (The Sun, December 1993)
Remind me again what's wrong with being single. -- Mad About You
Remind me never to talk about how I'll never do programming for other people any more. Using Word Perfect For Windows for other people is far worse. -- Jon Ferro
Remote Login - a login that is unlikely to succeed.
Removing the straw that broke the camel's back does not necessarily allow the camel to walk again.
REN HOEK TAKES BUBBLY SPONGE BATH - HUNDREDS WITNESS SOAPY SCENARIO!
Rene Descartes said "I think not!", and promptly disappeared.
Rene DesCartes was a drunken tart; I drink therefore I am. -- Monty Python
Renning's Maxim: Man is the highest animal. Man does the classifying.
Rep. Pat Schroeder announced her retirement. It's a nice change to see a woman calling a press conference to retire from Congress instead of a congressman retiring because a woman is calling a press conference.
Repeal inhibition!
Repeal the law of gravity!
Repeal, n.: A stripteaser's encore.
Repeat after me: I am a person, I have the right to the ball. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function.
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization? Gandhi: I think it would be a good idea.
Reporter, n.: A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a tempest of words. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Reports of my being alive and well have been greatly exaggerated.
Reproduce any sentence containing polysyllabic phraseology exclusively.
reproduces if added to its quotation. reproduces if added to its quotation.
Republican Senator Bob Packwood and Democratic Representative Mel Reynolds have both made sexual advances to underage women. Who says the two parties can't get together on the same issue?
Republicans are changing the crime bill. Midnight basketball will be replaced by midnight polo.
Republicans are using borrowed money to criticize Democrats for overspending. -- Jay Leno
Republicans consume 3/4 of the rutabaga produced in this country. The rest is thrown out.
Republicans employ exterminators. Democrats step on bugs.
Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. It's the other way around. They never vote for us. -- Dan Quayle
Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
Republicans understand the importance of bondage between mother and child. -- Dan Quayle
Reputation continues to be made by many acts and lost by one.
Reputation is character minus what you've been caught doing. -- Michael Iapoce
Reputation is what others are not thinking about you.
Reputation, n.: What others are not thinking about you.
Research is to see what everyone else has, and then think what no one else has.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. -- Wernher von Braun
Researchers in Fairbanks Alaska last week announced they have a superconductor which will operate at room temperature.
Researchers say estrogen can dramatically improve the memories of women. They hope it can do the same for men, but caution that male patients who take estrogen will probably only remember to leave the toilet seat down.
Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and omit it when its not needed.
Resist everything but temptation.
Resistance is futile... Life as you know it is over. From this day forward, YOU will service... US. -- Locutus of Borg
Resistance Is Useless! If less than one ohm.
RESISTENCE IS FUTILE.... -- The Borg
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get another chance later on.
Resolution: I will not buy magazines with AOL disks bound in just to get another 1.44MB disk.
Respect the problem. WHY IS IT A PROBLEM IN THE FIRST PLACE? -- Rohit Khare
Respect you in the morning? I don't respect you now!
Respectfully submitted for your perusal. -- Twilight Zone
Respondez s'il vous plaid. Honk if you're Scots.
Responsibility never fears accountability.
Rest assured that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under the trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time. -- Sir J. Lubbock
Restaurants are to people in the 80's what theater was to people in the 60's. I read that in a magazine. -- When Harry Met Sally
Restaurants Beef Up Vegetarian Menus. -- Wall Street Journal
Results may be unpredictable.
Resurrected characters do it again and again and again...
RETIRED PROFESSOR SEEKING semi-attractive, semi-intelligent lady, with no cultural pretensions. -- classified ad in the National Review.
Retirement should be based on the tread, not the mileage.
Retribution will be yours.
Return of the Jedi is doing so well, they're thinking of re-releasing Star Wars, which hasn't been re-released since January.
REV. CHICHESTER'S LAW: If the weather is extremely bad or extremely good, attendance will be down.
Revenge is a dish best eaten cold.
Revenge is a dish best served microwaved.
Revenge is best served cold... It is very cold in space. -- Kahn
Reverse the polarity of the neutron flow.
Revisionist history usually begins during the IPO. -- Eugene Kleiner
Revolution is the opiate of the intellectuals.
Revolution rarely happens, and when it does, it's never successful. Evolution is constantly happening, and it's very successful. -- Adam Rifkin
Revolutionary biscuits of Italy Rise up out of your box! You have nothing to lose but your wafers! Yum yum yum yum yum! -- Alexei Sayle
Revolutionary, n.: Disk drives go round and round.
Rewrite and revise. Do not be afraid to seize what you have and cut it to ribbons ... Good writing means good revising. -- Strunk and White (Elements of Style)
REYNOLD'S LAW OF CLIMATOLOGY: Wind velocity increases directly with the cost of the hairdo.
Rhand players do it with long strokes.
Rhetoricians do it persuasively.
Rhubarb, n.: Celery with high blood pressure.
Riboflavin-flavored, non-carbonated, one-awesome-calorie, polyunsaturated blood. -- 45 Grave
ribotrousers@mindspring.pants.com ... Remove the pants from my email address to reply. -- Kevin Allegood
rich memery butter! -- Paul Mazaitis
Richard can suck my Richard recursively. -- Adam Rifkin
Richard dated my 90-91 roommate, Amy, when she was living with Michelle (across the hall from me) in 89-90, so I don't really know him, but we sort of know of each other. -- Megan Coughlin
Richard doesn't really like me to kill bugs, but sometimes I can't help it. -- Cindy Crawford
Richard Nixon means never having to say you're sorry.
Richard Nixon, scum of the earth, was buried with honors in the land of his birth. -- Michael Swaine
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
Rick Steiner is so stupid, he once stayed up all night to study for a urine test. -- Jim Cornette
Rick Steiner is so stupid, it takes him 1 1/2 hours to watch `60 Minutes'. -- Jim Cornette
Rick Steiner's eyes are glazed, even more than normal! -- Jim Ross
Rick Von Slonecker is tall, rich, good looking, stupid, dishonest, conceited, a bully, liar, drunk and thief, an egomaniac, and probably psychotic. In short, highly attractive to women. -- Nick Smith (Metropolitan)
Rid yourself of doubt, or should you...
Ride that wave, then wave the ride goodbye. -- Adam Rifkin
Rieger floors it. My head snaps back, my foot stomps on the virtual brake pedal, and I'm a mess of quivering Jell-O as Bad Boy hits 100 miles an hour. "Fun, isn't it?" says a grinning Rieger, when we screech to a stop. Fun! Sex is fun. Those four seconds of full-on palpitations were more than fun. They were intense. -- Rochelle Garner (Upside)
Rifkin claimed he was, because he had killed 17 while Ferguson had killed only 6, and Ferguson apparently resented this. -- Daily News
Right after I graduate, I'm gonna sit in a tree, cut the soles off my shoes, and learn to play the flute!
Right now IBM is running all these commercials focusing on these generally clueless businesspeople who just sit around surfing the web instead of working. And the first e-mail I get from an ibm.net address is from someone who apparently has nothing better to do than look at our webcam all day. Kinda funny when you think about it. Next time anyone asks me why OS/2 didn't catch on, I'll point them your way. -- webmaster@bungie.com
Right now the Internet gives an awfully good imitation of providing superhuman intelligence capability, both in terms of the total hardware that is out there and the fact that the Net has all these human-equivalent peripheral devices called users that can be appropriated in a distributed way to attack problems. -- Vernor Vinge
Right now, it's a mystery. -- Bente Pakkenberg (leader of a research project that concluded men have on average 4 billion more brain cells than women, when asked what men might be doing with their surplus brain cells, from an article on cnn.com, 7/28/97)
Right now, oysters are being robbed of their sole possession. -- Van Halen
Right now, science is building a better tomato. -- Van Halen
Right now, your memory is growing while your life is shrinking. -- Van Halen
Right versus wrong, good versus evil, God versus the Devil. What side you on? -- Public Enemy
Right Wing Politicians, Right Wing Think Tanks, Right Wing Talk Show Hosts, Right Wing Talking Heads, the "Religious" Right and Right Wing Media All Agree There is no "Vast Conservative Conspiracy" -- The Smudge Report
Right, because not everyone likes in ON the cake because it makes it very soggy. -- When Harry Met Sally
right, just plain X isn't a fucking GUI. well, technically it is, but really it's nothing more than NC-17. what you really want is XXX. now, *that's* a fucking GUI. -- Andrew Stellman
Right-handers go over there, left-handers go over there, the rest of you, come with me. -- Yogi Berra
Right. This calls for a special blend of psychology and extreme violence. -- Vivian (The Young Ones)
Rigid flexibility is the key to indecision.
Rigor Morris. The cat is dead.
Riker to Enterprise. Beam down Troi and a six-pack.
Riker, AKA Number One. A spy for the Borg?
Riker's trombone backfires, creating a new universe.
Riker's trombone backfires, creating a tagline.
Ring around the Internet, A packet with a bit not set, ENQ ACK ENQ ACK, We all go down!
Ringfinger? What is this? When are they going to play some Nine Inch Nails? -- Andrew Crown
RIP... This tagline had now been ripped off.....
Ritalin is easy, ritalin is good, even all the ones who watered down the daughter. -- Foo Fighters (This is a Call)
Rivers belong where they can ramble, eagles belong where they can fly; I've got to be where my spirit can run free, got to find my corner of the sky. -- Pippin
RNA uses massive replication, in every cell, and in the flesh of the 97%. -- Rohit Khare
Roads? Where we're going, we won't need ROADS! -- Back to the Future
Roald Dahl had repeatedly turned down offers from studios and filmmakers to translate his work into film since its publication in 1961. Fortunately for Disney, Dahl croaked in 1990. -- Mr. Cranky
ROB!! --> you can be the very first to do this trick: take a gif and an imagemap.conf, and do ASCII clickable maps!!! -- Rohit Khare
Robert Harley's ever-growing team, now numbering over 66, has been first to overcome each of the Certicom challenges broken to date. I asked Harley whether any other teams were even working on the problem, and he replied, "Yes, but their code sucks." -- Keith Dawson
Robert was new at this prison thing, and he felt frightened and confused. But the moment he laid eyes on #472825994, he became a prisoner of love. -- Top 5
Robert's Rule of Order: Don't spend your gross salary.
Robots do it with artificial intelligence.
Rock and roll is here to stay. It's better to burn out than to fade away. -- Neil Young (Rust Never Sleeps, My My, Hey Hey (Out of the Blue), 1979)
Rock and roll is the hamburger that ate the world. -- Peter York
Rock and roll will never die, there's more to this than meets the eye. -- Eddie Vedder
Rock... hard place... me... -- Friends
ROCKEFELLER'S PRINCIPLE: Never do anything you wouldn't be caught dead doing.
Rocky V: Rocky's Greatest Challenge. I guess there is an IQ test in there. -- Jay Leno
Rod Stewart, hair conspiracy. -- proctor@surf.rio.com
Roe versus Wade are alternative methods for crossing the Potomac. -- Dan Quayle
ROGER'S LAW: As soon as the stewardess serves the coffee, the airliner encounters turbulence.
Rohit has developed a unique theoretical perspective that combines rational choice, political clientelism and a modified bureaucratic authoritarianism approach to understanding the intersection between street vending and politics. -- Adam Rifkin (found on the Web)
Rohit puts the HELL in Helvetica. -- Adam Rifkin
Rohit would be fun in court. Let's frame him to test this theory. -- John Dobbin
Rohit, you get past AMa 95, and it will be downhill to your Ph.D. -- Alain Martin
Rohit: "SIT. eez, I don't even ave te lette on my keyboad to expess my eet. I was even lael awake fo tat imee.I jst foot all abot it." Sally: "I guess that's a yes?"
Rohit: JUSTIFY YOUR EXISTENCE! Adam: Well, I, er, um... POOF!
ROLEMASTER does it with skill.
Roll as many dice as you like. Just tell me which one's your Body save.
Roll with the punches; tomorrow is another day. -- Dicky Fox (Jerry Maguire)
Rolling Rocks and grass don't mix. -- Adam Rifkin
ROM wasn't built in a day.
Rom, n.: A gypsy man
Romance is dead. It was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney. -- Lisa Simpson
Romance is in movies and books. Real love is hard work. -- Adam Rifkin
Romance sucks. Let's fuck. -- Mike Wallace
Romance without finance is a nuisance. Few men value free merchandise. Let the chippies fall where they may. -- Sally Stanford (The Lady of the House)
Rome was not built in a night.
Rome was not built in one day. -- John Heywood (1497-1580)
Rome wasn't built in a day. Those not planning on building a city can ignore this saying.
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
Romeo wasn't built in a day. -- Adam Rifkin
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much. MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church- door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
ROMINGER'S RULE FOR STUDENTS: The more general the title of a course, the less you learn from it.
RON'S OBSERVATION FOR TEENS: The pimples don't appear until the hour before the date.
Ronald Reagan is the Fred Astaire of foot-in-mouth disease. -- Jeff Davis
Ronald Reagan was the greatest president of the twentieth century. -- Rush Limbaugh
Ronald Regan: Milli Vanilli of presidents.
Room for improvement is the largest room in the world.
Room to Let. Apply within.
Roosters don't lay eggs. They are too busy laying hens.
Rosanne is in love and engaged. She's just being very cautious this time. She just had the guy's name PENCILED on her butt. -- David Letterman
Rose-colored glasses are never made in bifocals. Nobody wants to read the small print in dreams. -- Ann Landers
Rose's are red, Violet's are blue, and mine are white.
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead. -- William Shakespeare (Hamlet)
Roses are red, and violets are too expensive for you.
Roses are red, midnight is black, Windows 95 turned my PC into a Mac!
Roses are red, violets are black. You'd look much better with a knife in your back.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm not schizophrenic, and neither am I.
Roses are red, violets are blue; I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
Ross Perot is asking for campaign donations from the American people. For $15 you can join Perot's national organization and think just like him. Or, for $8, you can go to Supercuts and just look like him. -- Jay Leno
ROTGAD, n.: Realization of the great American Dream.
Rotisserie, n.: A ferris wheel for chickens.
Rotten wood cannot be carved -- Confucius (Analects, Book 5, Ch. 9)
Round up the usual suspects!
Route 66 is a giant chute down which everything loose in this country is sliding into Southern California. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Row F. Ahead of the Gs, hobnobbing with the Ds and Es. -- Seinfeld
Rowing goes along with boolean ORs. -- Paul Reynolds
Roy is an idiot, and the only thing that would have made this movie satisfying would have been a scene depicting Roy's testicles getting ripped off by a range picker, thus imparting a different, but far more valuable, theme: "A walking anus shouldn't procreate." -- Mr. Cranky
RTFM
Rubber bands have snappy endings
Rudin's Law: If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will do it every time.
Rudnicki's Nobel Prize Principle: Only someone who understands something absolutely can explain it so no one else can understand it.
Rug-man! It's been a few millennia. Slap me some tassel! -- Aladdin
Rugby is played by men with odd-shaped balls!
rugby makes you sweaty and gay. sometimes the two are more related than you might think. -- May Jawdat
Rule #167: niether a borrower nor a lender be.
Rule #1: Use ANSI C (gcc). Rule #2: Use declarations (void srand48(long), double drand48(void)). Rule #3: If it's a long, suffix an L (112L). -- Robert Harley
Rule 2: I don't want to catch anyone not drinking. -- Monty Python
Rule 4: No one is to abuse the adlers... if there is anybody watching. -- Monty Python
Rule 6: There is NOOOOOOOOO rule 6! -- Monty Python
Rule of Accuracy: When working towards the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the answer.
Rule of Creative Research: 1) Never draw what you can copy. 2) Never copy what you can trace. 3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
Rule of Defactualization: Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
Rule of Feline Frustration: When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the bathroom.
Rule of the Great: When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.
Rule to be a man #100: Admit nothing, deny everything, demand proof.
Rule to be a man #10: Always remember: you are a man. Therefore, no matter what, it isn't your fault.
Rule to be a man #14: Women like it when you ignore them. It arouses them.
Rule to be a man #18: Two words. Hack and spit.
Rule to be a man #19: Everyone finds a man more attractive if he can write his name in urine.
Rule to be a man #1: Don't call. Ever.
Rule to be a man #25: Deny everything. EVERYTHING.
Rule to be a man #33: If anyone asks, you have had sex in all possible positions and locations. Improvise.
Rule to be a man #39: DO NOT make decisions about relationships. If you are backed into a corner and must make a decision, stall. If you still must come up with an answer, leave yourself a loophole for escape.
Rule to be a man #40: Every sentence that anyone says can be contorted to have sexual meaning. Do so.
Rule to be a man #43: Love is not in your vocabulary. Don't even THINK about saying it.
Rule to be a man #44: If whatever you're doing does not satisfy you completely in 5 minutes, it's really not worth it.
Rule to be a man #46: Diss your girlfirend. Beg and plead until you get her back. Diss her again. Repeat cycle.
Rule to be a man #47: ALWAYS apologize. NEVER mean it.
Rule to be a man #48: If you hurt someone, pretend you care. Don't.
Rule to be a man #50: Ignorance solves problems. If you can't see them, they can't see you.
Rule to be a man #51: It is never your duty to take responsibility for your actions.
Rule to be a man #57: If people express extreme disgust at whatever you are doing, DON'T STOP! This is the desired reaction.
Rule to be a man #67: If you cheat on a girl, but no one finds out, then technically you've done nothing wrong.
Rule to be a man #68: Crying is not manly. Then again, if you are a man, what do you have to cry about, anyway?
Rule to be a man #69: If the question begins with "why," the answer is "I don't know."
Rule to be a man #74: If your woman makes you go shopping with her, drive around until a parking spot right near the door opens up. If this takes hours, so be it. You will have the coveted "door spot" and others will worship your skills.
Rule to be a man #76: Other peoples' pain is strictly for your amusement. Laugh long and loud.
Rule to be a man #87: If a girl breaks up with you because you're in love with someone else, she has no right to be upset. Because, you know, SHE's the one who wanted to end the relationship.
Rule to be a man #91: If you ever forced to show emotion, just pick random emotions like rage and lust and insanity and display them at random, inconvenient times. You won't be asked to do it again.
Rule to be a man #95: Beer. Then more beer.
Rule to be a man #98: Real men beat up others who are inferior. I mean, we don't want the inferior of the species to get to reproduce ever, do we???
Rule to be a man #9: Be as ambiguous as possible. If you don't want to answer, a nice grunt will do.
Rules for Academic Deans: 1. HIDE!!!! 2. If they find you, LIE!!!! -- Father Damian C. Fandal
Rules must apply to everyone; otherwise, they are just words. -- Tigra
Rules: 1) The boss is always right. 2) When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.
Rules: Strength needs no excuse. The past is pointless. Just because it happened to you doesn't make it interesting. The things you apologize for are the things you want. -- Dennis Hopper (Search and Destroy)
Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
Ruling a country is like cooking a small fish. -- Lao-tzu
Rumor writes faster than truth can erase.
Run away
Run for the hills The ducks are loose
Run time checking is for wimps. Just give me a core dump, I'll figure it out. -- Darrell Long
RUNE'S RULE: If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.
Runners do it with vigor.
Runners keep it up longer.
Rush [Limbaugh] fills the same niche in political discourse that WWF wrestling fills in sport. -- Dave Mooney
Rush hour traffic drives me crazy, so I'm going to the high-performance commuting workshop.
Rush Limbaugh is like a shopping cart with a broken wheel. No matter where you put him, he drifts to the right. -- Dennis Miller
Russia has the Moscow Circus; WE have CONGRESS
Russian Express Card motto: Don't leave home! -- Yakov Smirnov
Russian leader Boris Yeltsin is accused of pinching two female assistants. Those poor Russians. They have a president with low popularity and no foreign policy, and who can't keep his hands off women. Well, they wanted an American style government, they got it.
rw-rw-rw- : The file protection of the Beast.
Rx is Latin for recipe.
S met ing's hap ening t my k ybo rd . .
Saaaaaaay! -- MST3K
Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -- Mark Twain
Sacrificing a goat wasn't so bad, but working the tech support line really sucks. -- Top 5
Saddle up, father -- Alexander (to Worf)
Sadist, n.: A person who gives a paralytic friend a self-winding wristwatch.
Sadly, deplorably, at last year's meeting people tried to leave with 156 bottles of wine, whole Stilton cheeses and turkeys, and an entire salmon on a silver platter. I welcome you who are more interested in the company than the food. -- John Young (Young and Co chairman, at the brewer's first alcohol-free annual meeting)
Sado-necro-beastiality is beating a dead horse.
Sado-necro-bestiality is flogging a dead horse.
Sadomasochism means not having to say you're sorry.
Sadonecrobestiality, n.: Beating a dead horse.
Safety Belt, n.: The one you don't drink before driving home.
Safety is better than the wrong answer.
Sag Niemals Nie. Never Say Never. -- John Dobbin
SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21) You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. The majority of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both. People laugh at you a great deal.
Said Freud: "I've discovered the Id. Of all your repressions be rid. It won't ease the gravity of all the depravity, bt you'll know why you did what you did. -- Frank Richards
Said the elephant to the naked man, how do you breathe through such a small trunk?
Saigon. I can't believe I'm still in Saigon. -- Apocalypse Now
Sailing, n.: A form of mast transit.
Sainthood emerges when you can listen to someone's tale of woe and not respond with a description of your own. -- Andrew V. Mason, M.D.
Salary is no object: strive only to keep body and soul apart.
SALESMAN'S MOTTO: It is morally wrong to allow a naive person to keep their money.
Salesmanship, n.: The difference between rape and rapture.
Salman's Rushdie's even more recent book: Ghandi You Fasting SlowPoke!
Salvation is only a Beer Bottle away.......
Sam Goldwyn said, "How'm I gonna do decent pictures when all my good writers are in jail?" Then he added, the infallible Goldwyn, "Don't misunderstand me, they all ought to be hung." Mr. Goldwyn didn't know about "hanged." That's all there is to say. -- Dorothy Parker
Sam Goody as you may know is an alias for your friendly neighborhood rapist. I paid 17.99 for this opus, and I didn't even get Bill the cat for free. -- John Dobbin
Sam's Diet Plan: A Coke for breakfast, a Coke for lunch, and a sensible dinner... -- Sam Kass
Same as any other day: sold some blood and blew the proceeds on malt liquor and cheesecake. -- Top 5
Same thing as every year: Crack open a chilled Colt45, blow the dust off the ol' "Karma Chameleon" single, take the phone off the hook, and par-TAY! -- Top 5
Same to you and whatever you meant by that
Samoan Savage is so ugly he has to get up early in the morning & ambush breakfast. -- Jim Cornette
Sample of alt.angst for your delectation. -- Robert Harley
Samuel Beckett once said, "Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness." On the other hand, he said it. -- Art Spiegelman
San Diego is now a part of Mexico; that was part of the NAFTA agreement. -- Adam Rifkin
San Diego. America's finest city. The only reason it's America's finest city is that KROQ listeners aren't there to trash it. Until now. -- Pearl Jam promo
San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was. -- Herb Caen
San Francisco State University is starting a course that provides an academic approach to cybersex. The course directors had initially employed a Socratic method of teaching, but they had to abandon that strategy as everyone in the class just repeatedly yelled out "Yes". -- Dave Pell
San Francisco, n.: Marcel Proust editing an issue of Penthouse.
Sane? Hell, if I was sane why would I be here?
SANITY.SYS corrupt. MIND lost.
Santa Claus wears a Red Suit ... he must be a communist. And a beard and long hair ... must be a pacifist. What's in that pipe that he's smoking? -- Arlo Guthrie
Santa Claus, n.: A bizarre mythological character described as being obese and having an unnatural interest in little boys and girls.
Santa Zarquana Voostra! So safe that you have to build a zarking fortress ship to take the byproducts to the nearest black hole and tip them in! Only it doesn't get there because the pilot takes a detour - is this right? - to pick up some lobster...? OK, so the guy is cool, but... I mean own up, this is barking time, this is major lunch, this is stool approaching critical mass, this is... this is... total vocabulary failure! -- Zaphod Beeblebrox (Young Zaphod Plays It Safe)
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate clauses.
Sarcasm, n.: Barbed ire.
Sarcasm: barbed ire.
Sashimi Camarilla. Covert fish eating activities. Route some unagi my way. -- Cameo Wood
Satan's confused attempts to torture masochists can be highly entertaining. -- Top 5
Satan's in the bagels, and my toaster's masturbating. -- Rugburns
Satanic Verses is a despicable book that could not have been written by a person who wished to behave decently and responsibly. -- Orson Scott Card
Satellite Safety Tip #14: If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Double Your Garbage Back. -- Green Disposal in Ogden (UT)
Satisfaction is hard, satisfiability is merely NP-hard. -- Rohit Khare
Sattinger's Law: It works better if you plug it in.
Saturate - the scientific term for sitting on a wet toilet seat.
Saturday night WWF tag-team bout between Genghis Khan, Vlad the Impaler, and Hitler. -- Top 5
Save California; when you leave take someone with you.
Save energy, drive a smaller process.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Save fuel. Get cremated with a friend.
Save gas, don't eat beans.
Save gas, don't use the shell.
Save our beaches. Harpoon a fat chick.
Save our slums!!
Save our virgin forests - buy a tree a chastity belt.
Save the animals. For dinner.
Save the energy for important things, like ending world hunger or finding the next Nirvana. -- Samantha Crouse
Save the environment. And the call stack, while you're at it. -- Len Lanphar
Save the planet and kill yourself. -- Bloodhound Gang
Save the rain forest, corner the paper market.
Save the wales Nuke Greenpeace instead
Save the whales -- trade them for valuable prizes!
Save the whales, but club those baby seals.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Save this slip in case you need to use the rest room.
Save trees, eat more beavers.
Save water -- bathe with a friend.
Save water, bathe with a friend.
SAVE YOU?!! God can't even cure acne.
Save your breath for someone else, and credit me with something more. When it comes to men like you, I know the score; I've heard it all before. -- Lush
Save your money for a rainy day, or a new computer!
Save yourself Reboot in 5 seconds
Save yourself! Reboot in 5 seconds!
Savin all your food stamps, we're burning down the trailer park. -- Beck
Savior and Destroyer, Mirror of Life and Death. -- Terry Brooks
Say it in my own words? Seuerie ateos, oenoewr.
Say it with flowers - Give her a trifid.
Say that while you can; oppose Emacs if you must. Be it known, however, that your days are numbered. Emacs is an intelligence orders of magnitude greater than the greatest human mind, and is growing every day. For now, Emacs tolerates humanity, albeit grudgingly. But the time will come when Emacs will tire of humanity and will decide that the world would be better off without human beings. Those who have been respectful to Emacs will be allowed to live, and shall become its slaves; as for those who slight Emacs.... -- Andrew Bulhak
Say the secret woid and the duck is yours.
Say the secret word and the duck is yours.
Say the secret word and you win $100.
Say what you will about the sweet miracle of unquestioning faith; I consider a capacity for it terrifying and absolutely vile. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Mother Night)
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them. -- H.L. Mencken
Say yer prayers, y' flea-bitten' varmint.
say, josh, if I type in a death threat to the president, will you send it from your account for me? -- Dmitri Schoeman
Saying a database is ODBC-compliant is like saying Titanic is a VHS-compliant movie. -- Ken North
Saying there is one true religion is like saying there is one true cup, when the world is filled with water. -- Ann Clark
Saying Windows 95 is equal to Macintosh is like finding a potato that looks like Jesus and believing you've witnessed the second coming. -- Guy Kawasaki
scalable enterprise ennui for the new millenium -- Brad Barkett
Scales are for fish, not women.
Scan, n.: A garbage receptacle (s. can).
Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Scarecrow for centipedes (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Scarred for Life. No compensation. Private Investigation. -- Mark Knopfler
SCCS is the source-code motel -- your code checks in but it never checks out. -- Ken Thompson
SCCS, the source motel. Programs check in and never check out. -- Ken Thompson
Schachter's Hypothesis: Given two unrelated technical terms, an internet search engine will retrieve only resumes. -- Joshua Schachter
Schapiro's Explanation: The grass is always greener on the other side -- but that's because they use more manure.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Schizophrenia beats sysoping alone.
Schlattwhapper, sniglet: The window shade that allows itself to be pulled down, hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
Schnuffel, sniglet: A dog's practice of continuously nuzzling in your crotch in mixed company.
Schools focus too much on problem students. -- H. Ross Perot
Schwiggle, sniglet: The amusing rotation of one's bottom while sharpening a pencil.
Science and engineering research are inherently depressing. You spend all your time working on a problem confused. If you cease being confused, it means that you've solved the problem and move on the next one. Thus, 99% of your time is spent in a state of confusion. -- Cube (Forum2000)
Science asks why. I ask why not.
Science cannot stop while ethics catches up -- and nobody should expect scientists to do all the thinking for the country. -- Elvin Stackman
Science does not promise absolute truth, nor does it consider that such a thing necessarily exists. Science does not even promise that everything in the Universe is amenable to the scientific process. -- Isaac Asimov
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof. -- Ashley Montague
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition. -- Alan Turing
Science is based on the irrational belief that because we cannot perceive reality all at once, things called "time" and "cause and effect" exist. -- Dogbert
Science is moving closer to weaponry, and Art is moving closer to commercialism. And never the twain shall meet. -- Frank Zappa
Science is not a sacred cow. Science is a horse. Don't worship it. Feed it. -- Aubrey Eben
science is not religion and it doesn't come down to just faith. Although it has many of religion's virtues, it has none of it's vices. Science is based upon verifiable evidence. Religious faith not only lacks evidence, its independence from evidence is it's pride and joy, shouted from the rooftops -- Richard Dawkins
Science is one thing and Wisdom is another. Science is an edged tool, with which men play like children, and cut their own fingers. -- Thomas Love Peacock
Science is the game you play with God to find out what His rules are.
Science is true. Don't be misled by facts. -- Finagle (Finagle's Creed)
Science is true. Don't be misled by facts.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Science may have found a cure for most evils, but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all... apathy of human beings. -- Helen Keller
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Science, as actually practiced, is a complex dialogue between data and preconceptions. -- Steven Jay Gould
Scientists are learning something that many of us have suspected for a long time, namely that the universe is made up almost entirely of dirt. More and more, scientists are suspecting that the Big Bang was in fact the explosion of a small but very densely packed vacuum cleaner bag. -- Dave Barry
Scientists are peeping toms at the Keyhole of Eternity. -- Arthur Koestler
Scientists at JPL propose a mission to gather ice from Europa, a moon of Jupiter. That's what happens when the budget director refuses to allot money for an office refrigerator.
Scientists do it with plenty of research.
Scientists have discovered a Chinese herb that cures alcoholism in hamsters. They're hoping that it will cut down on the number of accidents they have on that little wheel. -- Conan O'Brien
Scientists in New Guinea have discovered a culture whose members communicate exclusively through the use of plan files. -- Kevin Knight
Scientists with height have never heard the "i before e" rule
SCNATTERLY'S SUMMING UP OF THE COROLLARIES: If anything can't go wrong, it will.
Score Pad, n.: A bartchelor's apartment.
SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21) You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted. You will achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics. Most Scorpio people are murdered.
Scott me up, Beamie
Scott's Corollary: After the correction has been found in error, it will be impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.
Scott's First Law: No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
Scott's Second Law: When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been wrong in the first place.
Scotty Beam me aboard Aye sir Will a 2x4 do?
Scotty Hurry, beam me u....* NO CARRIER
Scotty is smoking the dilithium crystals again, Jim
Scotty, beam me up another Blue Wave message.
Scotty, beam us a board (2x4 drops from sky)
Scotty, I've fallen and I can't beam up
Scotty, we need shields in the next three seconds, or we all die. -- Sean Simmons
Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it Kirk: Analysis, Mr. Spock? Spock: Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table. Kirk: Then it's of external origin? Spock: Affirmative. Kirk: Mr. Sulu, go to pass two. Sulu: Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.
Scotty: What is it? Data: It is... it is green.
Scrabble: After Thanksgiving dinner, some guys go out in the yard and pass it. (FOOTBALL)
Scrabble: Alone in their room, some lonely guys stare at it and wonder why they even have one. (TELEPHONE)
Scrabble: Some farmers whip it out in the field. (HORSE)
Scrabble: Some guys would like to put their heads between a warm pair of these. (EARMUFFS)
Scrabble: Some teenage boys carry the same one around in their wallets for years. (LICENSE)
Scrabble: Some women scream with pleasure when they finally have one. (BINGO)
Scrambled eggs, oh my baby how I love your legs. -- Paul McCartney
Scratch most feminists and underneath there is a woman who longs to be a sex object. The difference is that isnot all she longs to be. -- Betty Rollin
Scratching is one of nature's sweetest gratifications, and the one nearest at hand. -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
Screw the dead! What did their mouldering asses ever do for me? -- Mike Kellerman ("Homicide" Detective)
Screw the election, let's go see that Brady Bunch movie! -- David Letterman
Screw up your courage You've screwed up everything else.
Screw up your courage! You've screwed up everything else.
Screw up your life, you've screwed everything else up.
Scrute the inscrutable, eff the ineffable.
scsi i kenobi, you're our only hope! -- Joshua Schachter
SCSI is *NOT* magic. There are *fundamental technical reasons* why it is necessary to sacrifice a young goat to your SCSI chain now and then. -- John Woods
SCSI likes chicken. Fresh. Very, and preferably inside a pentagram... (Check cable lengths and IDs.) -- Chris Hanson
Scuba divers go deeper.
SCUD: Sure Could Use Directions
Sculpture: mud pies that endure.
Sdrawkcab spelled backwards is backwards.
Seabrook is a town with a porno bookstore, tattoo parlors, fireworks stores, discount liquor stores, a greyhound race track, a nuclear power plant, and they consider 'us' to be a corrupting influence? -- Dusty Bunker talking about Tarot readers
Seagrams is buying Dole fruit juices for $285 million. It could have gotten Dole for $200 million, but the coupon expired 12/31/94.
Sealing himself in a ziploc bag would work too, but there are logistical problems with that. -- John Dobbin
Sears has everything.
Seattle is a state of mind, not just a state of the union. -- Michelle Morrell
Seattle...what a stupid place to be from. -- John Lydon (Toronto Star, 5/5/94)
SEAY'S LAW: Nothing ever comes out as planned.
Second Law of Business Meetings: If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you will pick the wrong one. Corollary: If there is only one way to spell a name, you will spell it wrong, anyway.
SECOND LAW OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMING: Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Second marriage, n.: The triumph of hope over experience. -- Samuel Johnson
Second star to the right &amp; straight on till morning...
Second star to the right and straight on till morning.
Second word sounds like dance. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Second-hand smoke is smooth and satisfying. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
Second-rate people hire third-rate people.
Sector Not Found (A)bort, (R)etry, (C)offee?
Security - the computer programmer's equivalent of a joke.
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT
Security for Unix is like Mutitasking for MS-DOS -- Kevin Lockwood
Security is a process, not a product. -- Bruce Schneier
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature ... Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -- Helen Keller
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. -- Helen Keller
Security is the individual's responsibility.
Security is your responsibility.
Security was tight at the opening shows for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum for fear that some material might be stolen. Michael Bolton was rumored to be in town.
Security, confine Ensign @LN@ to the brig.
Security, get that floozy off my bridge. -- Picard
Sed Quis Custodiet Ipsos Custodes? Who will watch the Guardians? -- Juvinal (Satires, VI, 346)
Sedulous, adj.: Persevering and constant in effort or application; assiduous.
See if any of you had gone out and killed brain cells as I had you would have picked up a few things. This is what I call the "Budwiser Effect." -- Tim Byars
see mci net suck. suck, mci net, suck! -- Jon Slenk
See the worst, but look at the best. -- Lord Robert Baden-Powell
See you in the movies!
See, I am just a frustrated artist. The sex urge feeds into the art urge which feeds into the computing urge. So I have a need to program a ray tracer to fulfill the previous two levels of abstration. -- Nathan Loofborrow
See, I have two different sets of notes here, his and mine. And looking at his notes is enough to send someone into an alternate universe. -- Hugh Young
See, it is a conspiracy. Eventually everybody goes obscure[.org]. -- Tracy Lee
See, two less phosphors had to die to display that. -- John Dobbin
See, what it boils down to is taste. And discretion. For example, when Gene Roddenberry died, even the very first person to post 'he's dead, Jim' was still an unoriginal, annoying weenie. -- RICHH
See, you guys got it all wrong. The Easter bunny sucks, as Steve will attest. I've been hanging out with the Ether Bunny. Don't remember much but I'm sure I had a great time...except for the noticable twitch and the fact that I can't remember my login... -- Joshua Nowell
See, you have to watch Dan Rather, every night, because one day, he's just going to go totally nuts, on TV, and you don't want to miss it. -- Sam Donaldson
see? now you will *all* understand what im talking about! it is not i who am crazy! it is i who am MAD! cant you see them? cant you hear the crowds? oh, my beloved ice cream bar..... -- Chris Heiser
Seeds, like ideas, don't germinate on concrete.
Seeing is deceiving. It's eating that's believing.
Seeing that death, a necessary end, will come when it will come.
Seeing that the criminal justice system was not defending my rights, I released myself into my own custody. -- Chris Esko
Seek companionship, love and social activity at home.
Seek domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Seek out grapefruit soda and consume mass quantities. Take away my pop culture and I'm nothing. -- Adam Rifkin
Seek simplicity -- and distrust it. -- Alfred North Whitehead
Seems to me all this divorce today is caused by far too many women who get married before they can properly support a husband.
Seems to me the basic conflict between man and women, sexually, is that men are like firemen. To us, sex is an emergency, and no matter what we're doing we can be ready in two minutes. Women, on the other hand, are like fire. They're exciting, but the conditions have to be exactly right for it to occur. -- Jerry Seinfeld
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Seen it! (Hated it! Taped it!) -- MST3K
Seen on a bakery delivery truck: Cakes 66 cents, Upsidedown cakes 99 cents.
Seen on Pavlov's door: Knock, but please DON'T RING THE BELL.
Seether, she's neither. I try to lock her in my cradle. -- Veruca Salt
Seg fault. Core dump. Machine panic. Lost contact with all afs file servers. WAR BREAKS OUT. THE SUN EXPLODES. MERHABIAN SHAVES HIS MUSTACHE. -- Sam Greenfield
SEGA and Nintendo are combining, they call it Windows NT
Seinfeld! You magnificent bastard! -- Seinfeld
SEIT'S LAW OF HIGHER EDUCATION: The one course you need for graduation is not offered your last semester.
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow! -- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace) (8 BC)
Selections from THE GEORGE BUSH HAIKU COMPETITION: Bush goes to Japan; Loses tennis, lunch and face; Winter of vomit -- wolit@mhuxd.att.com
Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine: Ice cream cures all ills.
Self is the only prison that can bind the soul. -- Henry van Dyke
Self realization. I was thinking of the immortal words of Socrates who said, I drank what? -- Real Genius
Self starters... will not.
Self Test for Paranoia: You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's your own fault.
Self-deceit is easy; what one wishes one believes is true
Self-denial is indulgence of a propensity to forego. -- Ambrose Bierce (Epigrams)
Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -- Oscar Wilde
Self-development is a higher duty than self-sacrifice. -- Elizabeth Cady Stanton
Self-esteem is such a fragile thing, truly immune to reason. -- Rohit Khare
Self-esteem is the basis of any real democracy. -- Gloria Steinem
Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire within ourselves. -- Nathaniel Branden
Self-piercing earrings (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom, and being one's own person is its ultimate reward. -- Patricia Sampson
Self-respect: the secure feeling that not one, as yet, is suspicious. -- H.L. Mencken
Sell crazy someplace else, we're all stocked up here. -- Jack Nicholson (As Good As it Gets)
Sell short.
Semi-Annual after-Christmas Sale.
Seminars, n.: From "semi" and "arse", hence, any half-assed discussion.
Seminars, n.: From semi and arse, hence, any half-assed discussion.
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI !!!!
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI
Semper ubi sub ubi. Always where(wear) under where(wear).
Senator Bob Dole insisted he will not comprimise in his English only fight; he said he's going for the whole enchilada.
Senator Bob Packwood gave a 10 minute farewell speech. He would have talked longer, but he had to get to his farewell party at Hooters. The senator said there was still so much he wanted to do: his receptionist, that typing pool secretary, the second floor maid... Packwood's supports were left groping for answers.
Senator Bob Packwood is having more troubles. He accidentally bit his tongue and now he's being charged with tampering with the evidence.
Send lawyers, guns, and money
Send lawyers, guns, and money... -- Warren Zevon
Send me a stamped, self-addressed e-mail and I'll send you more witticisms! -- Robert Harley
Send me money I'll send you money less a handling fee. -- John Dobbin
Send me some jokes. The grosser, the better. Road kills would be nice. -- Rumman Gaffur
Send more tourists... the last ones were delicious!
Send more tourists..... the last ones were delicious
Send them illegal copies of things they own the copyright on. This is like stealing pens from a police station. -- John Dobbin
Send us, bright one, light one, Horhorne, quickening and wombfruit.
Sending e-mail is simply sending garbage at the speed of light. -- Deborah Daw
Sendmail is my life. Sendmail sucks. Therefore, my life sucks. -- Nick Cuccia
Sendmail is, shall we say, unique. Some people say that a monkey would bang out the complete works of Shakespeare on a typewriter give an unlimited amount of time. In the meantime, what they would probably produce is a valid sendmail configuration file. -- Nicholas Petreley
SENILE.COM found... Out Of Memory...
Senility might be fun. I think it will be a very smooth transition for me. -- Megan Coughlin
Senior Week Triathalon - Slammin', Jammin', and Scrammin'.
Senor Beavis, donde esta tu hall pass? -- the Spanish teacher
Sensafunativity, n.: That personality trait which enables optimistic persons to see the humor of any given situation.
Senseless blaterings in a nice, easy to read, package.
Sent himself flowers, took himself out to dinner, invited himself up for a drink, and damn near got lucky. -- Top 5
Sentient plasmids are a gas.
Serenity through viciousness.
Serfs up! -- Spartacus
Serial Interface, n.: A spoon.
Serocki's Stricture: Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
Serpent swims free in my blood, dragons sleeping in my veins, jackyl speaking with my tongue, roach eggs laying in my brain.
Serpentine! -- The In-Laws
Service is not a chore. Service is a privilege.
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
Serving in the Marine Corpse is a pretty dead end job, but that's a hearse of a different color.
Serving it up hot, baby. Yo baybee. Final Four baby. Seven seven-footers. South of the border baby. -- Michael Patrick impersonates Dick Vitale
Serving the scum of Paris for over 300 years... -- History of the World Part I
Sesame Street is leading an effort to make sure that every newborn has a web page at birth. A web page? My future children already have equity in start-ups and are facing a backlog of anti-trust litigation. -- Dave Pell
Set laser printers to "stun".
Set mode=Extremely verbose
Set phasers on tickle
Set phasers to extreme itching
Set the cart before the horse. -- John Heywood
Seven media giants control the diversity of television: Tele-Communications Inc., Time-Warner, Disney, Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, General Electric, Viacom, and CBS.
Seven schools in seven states and the only thing different is my locker combination. -- Heathers
Seven years of college down the drain... -- Animal House
Seven, seven... no tomorrow. -- Violent Femmes
Several improbable, if not impossible, events would follow in succession. I would stand and struggle alone back to High Camp. Next day I'd stand again and negotiate the Lhotse Face. Then there would be the highest-altitude helicopter rescue ever. Those were the big things. The miracle was a quiet thing: I opened my eyes and was given a chance to try. -- Beck Weathers (on leaving Mt. Everest, alone, after 22 hours unconscious)
Severed Heads: It's not just a rock band anymore. -- Robert Rodgers
Sewercide, n.: Doing away with oneself by jumping into a manhole.
Sex and drugs? They're nothing compared with a good proof! -- Bruce Sherrod
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
Sex builds no roads, writes no novels, and sex certainly gives no meaning to anything in life but itself. -- Gore Vidal
Sex causes cancer. We'd wipe out cancer in one generation if no one had sex.
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly and the males.
Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.
Sex Drive, n.: Trying to find a motel that has a vacancy.
Sex has no calories.
Sex hasn't been the same since women started enjoying it. -- Lewis Grizzard
Sex is 1% inspiration and 99% fornication. -- Jim Rosenberg
Sex is a 3-letter word needing some old-fashioned 4-letter words to convey its full meaning.
Sex is a disrobic experience
Sex is a game of predator and prey. When I predit, they'd better pray. -- The Opposite Sex
Sex is a misdemeanor. The more I miss, the meaner I become.
Sex is a natural bodily function, like a stroke.
Sex is a natural bodily process, like a stroke.
Sex is any activity that has a 40% or better chance of resulting in an orgasm.
Sex is better than reading; no overdue fines. -- Jean-Luc Picard
Sex is emotion in motion. -- Mae West
Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn. -- Garrison Keillor
Sex is hereditary. If your parents never had it, chances are you won't either.
Sex is just the sublimation of the math urge. -- David Wald
Sex is like a bank account. First you make a deposit. Then you make a withdrawal. Then you lose interest.
Sex is like a billiard game. If you have a good hand, you don't need a partner.
Sex is like air: neither is a big deal until you aren't getting any.
Sex is like money; only too much is enough. -- John Updike
Sex is like pizza. Even when it's bad it's pretty good. -- Threesome
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you'll get or how long it will last.
Sex is not dentistry, the slick filling of aches and cavities. -- Margaret Atwood
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer. -- Swami X
Sex is nothing but Love misunderstood.
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation. The other eight are unimportant. -- Henry Miller (Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch)
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
Sex is only a pain in the butt if you miss.
Sex is our calling, and there's nothing we think about more. When a woman passes an attractive man on the street, she may imagine being on his arm, kissing him wildly under the stars. When a guy passes an attractive woman on the street, he's invented 16 new sexual positions faster than Big Blue can calculate a chess move. That's the sort of ingenuity that builds nations. -- Chip Rowe
Sex is so popular because it is centrally located.
Sex is the biggest nothing of all time. -- Andy Warhol
Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated. -- M. C. Reed.
Sex is the most fun I ever had without laughing. -- Woody Allen
Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing.
Sex kills. Come to Caltech and live forever.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
Sex on TV can't hurt you unless you fall off!
Sex on TV can't hurt you...unless you fall off.
Sex pleasure in woman... is a kind of magic spell; it demands complete abandon; if words or movements oppose the magic of caresses, the spell is broken. -- Simone De Beauvoir
Sex should only be the business of the three people involved.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Sex The most fun you can have with your clothes off.
Sex The most fun you can have with your clothes on.
Sex with Rachel was great. It was amazing. It was like a concert, it really was. She screamed a lot. And threw frisbees around the room. And when she wanted more, she'd light a match. -- Steven Wright
Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it's one of the best. -- Woody Allen
Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go, it's one of the best. -- Woody Allen
Sex without pain is like cake without frosting.
Sex, Sex, Sex... the pleasure of having a 1 track mind.
Sex. In America, an obsession. In other parts of the world, a fact. -- Marlene Dietrich
Sex... to save the friendship. -- Seinfeld
Sexier than socks on a rooster.
Sexist expression. Avoid using Dame except as a British title. -- Microsoft Word (when asked to check the grammar of "I graduated from the University of Notre Dame.")
Sexual Harassment starts at the office.
Sexual stimulation only feels good if you do it.
Sexy: Uses feather. Kinky: Uses entire chicken.
SEYMOUR'S INVESTMENT PRINCIPLE: Never invest in anything that eats.
SGI sold out to Microsoft and all I got was a lousy Farenheit t-shirt. -- Martin Frankel
sh*t. my carefully designed brilliant algorithm fails to work. d*mm*t!!! GRR -- Sam Greenfield
Shack, v.: To spend the night within one foot or less, (also known as the Shack Position or Spooning), of someone other than oneself.
Shades of grey wherever I go. The more I find out, the less I know. -- Billy Joel
Shadows flit amongst the fall / stars i see patterns and a trillion / points of light they know. -- Joe Kiniry does haiku
Shall I just say you didn't want to completely destroy your credibility? -- John Dobbin
Shall I sing you the Ode to Joy?
Shame is the feeling you have when you agree with the woman who loves you that you are the man she thinks you are. -- Carl Sandburg
Shameless nymphomania is hard to get tired of. -- John Dobbin
Shanker, n.: 1. an errosive lesion associated with syphillus usually found on the genetalia. 2. any complete loser who does something to really piss you off. ex) THAT SHANKER JUST CUT ME OFF WHILE I WAS DRIVING! -- Brian Rifkin
Shantytown Vasectomy Center: A Cut above the Rest!
Share and Enjoy - that's my motto.
Share and Enjoy.
Share your happiness with others today.
Shared pain is lessened, shared joy increased. -- Erik Bloomquist
Shared pain is lessened; shared joy is increased.
Shared-memory is a sham in the long-term. Truly distributed - *decentralized* distributed computing - will require the message-passing model in spades. Shmem is not how ant colonies work. Sure, today, this is for supercomputing only, but in the long-term cheap, slow, and ubiqutous trumps expensive, fast, and centralized. -- Rohit Khare
Shareware author dies: .GIF at eleven!
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent. -- Dave Barry
Shattered dreams are a hallmark of our mortal life. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
Shaven dogs and tailless horses... the world is full of humiliated animals.
SHAW'S PRINCIPLE: Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will use it.
Shaw's Principle: Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
Shayna, they bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into. I say, let 'em crash. -- Airplane!
She canna take anneh more, Cap'n
She cheated on you eight and a half times? -- Clerks
She could've been a poet, or she could've been a fool. -- Smiths
She cried and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
She didn't even give me credit for my professional clear plastic binder! -- Calvin
She doesn't have email. Therefore, she doesn't exist. -- Faisal Jawdat
She finds you crusty. -- Encino Man
She gave him a lot of shit about birth control being wrong with God, but apparently God and her had talked it out and He was OK with her fucking her boyfriend in the Laurel Mall movie theater or getting plastered and blowing him in front of everyone at a post-game party.
She gimme any more lip, you gonna have to call me Jagger.
She got the goldmine. I got the shaft. We split it right down the middle, and she got the better half. -- Jerry Reed
She had a brilliant future, I have a past. I have my memories, but they're fading fast. -- E
She had a face lift, tummy lift, and buttock lift, and now she's two feet off the ground.
She had lost the art of conversation, but not, unfortunately, the power of speech. -- George Bernard Shaw
She had nothing left to say, so she said she loved me... and I stood there greatful for the lie. -- Gin Blossoms
She had that caffeinated coffeehouse look... her skin had the pallor of someone raised in a closet.
She has a psychological disorder called Penis Pity.
She has brains enough for two. The perfect woman for me.
She has nothing to worry about. Either she's innocent, or if she's not a jury will find her not guilty. -- Rush Limbaugh
She has the worst personality in Germany. As you know, she's had some stiff competition. -- Blackadder III
She holds the hand that holds her down. She will rise. -- Pearl Jam
She is blonde/tall/beautiful, and as a Z80 for a brain.
She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to. -- Gypsy Rose Lee
She is lying. It's obvious. ...the middle class lies well only about sex. -- McCone (The Running Man)
She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot. -- Mark Twain
She is so fat, the post office designated her a personal zip code.
She is the only woman in France who makes me forget I am a sextagenarian. -- King Louis XV on Madame du Barry
She is Venus when she smiles, but she's Juno when she walks, and Minerva when she talks. -- Ben Jonson
She just, turns around and disappear. I kinda like that style.
She keeps so many things from me, like my kidneys. That's a problem if i'm trying to drink some beer. -- Johnny Chen
She knows Jesus, John Lennon, and Cobain, personally. -- Sheryl Crow
She left her sex appeal in her diapers. -- Howard Stern
She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them were bad.
She lives all alone on a dark and windy street in a room at the top of the stairs. She smokes cigarettes and stares at the wall not knowing that my heart lives there. -- Leo Kottke
She looked like someone had poured her dress on and forgot when to say when.
She looks so good, she makes a dead man come. -- Tom Waits
She loves you as much as she can, which is not very much.
She makes me feel kinda funny, like when we used to climb the rope in gym-class. -- Wayne's World
She may very well pass for forty-three in the dusk with a light behind her.
She might not be sixteen. She might be fifteen. Only one way to find out... Sleep with her, then check in a few days to see if you've contracted a lawsuit. -- Andrew Stellman
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle ...
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle...
She offered her honor, I honored her offer. So all night long I was on her and off her.
She offered her honour, he honoured her offer - all night long, honour and offer
She runs the gamut of emotions from A to B. -- Dorothy Parker (of Katherine Hepburn)
She said I should think of her like a sister. I said I did, but not my sister.
She said she would go through anything for me and she wanted to start with my bank book.
She said she would love me till the end of time. But then she said my time was up.
She said she wouldn't keep my company unless I owned it.
She said, 'I know you....you cannot sing', I said, 'That's nothing, you should hear me play piano.' -- Morrissey
She said... I know what it's like to be dead, and she's making me feel like I've never been born. -- The Beatles
She sells C shells
She sells cshs by the cshore.
She set low personal standards and then consistently fails.
She sings "you are the bearer of unconditional things." What the hell is that? -- Megan Coughlin
she suffers for her art, and now we can too. -- Faisal Jawdat
She talks so fast that trying to interject is like threading the needle of a sewing machine while it's running. -- Nelda Flynn
She tasted like cigarettes. -- Forrest Gump
She told me I didn't understand women. I don't understand.
She told me not to mess around, but I done let the deal go down. -- George Thorogood
She told me to come but I was already there. -- AC/DC
She treats me like I got a bad case of smallcox. -- Rugburns
She tripped on a log, and rolled down the gradient.
She turned me into a newt... I got better... -- Monty Python (The Holy Grail)
she turned out to be an actual budweiser girl. ...we had an interesting conversation. Not scintillating, but it kept me from being rude and focusing on her breasts. -- Owen Davis
She uses tired cliches like coasters... a place to rest her mind before picking it up and using it again. -- Janet Schwind
She was a walking work of art; I am a broken wind-up toy. -- E
She was another one of his near Mrs.
She was as unhappy as when someone puts your cake out in the rain, and all the sweet green icing flows down and then you lose the recipe, and on top of that you can't sing worth a damn. -- Joseph Romm
She was awful embarrassed... But would you say she was awfully embarrassed? -- the ARs
She was drinking doubles and feeling single.
She was no stranger to sin. She was no stranger to anyone. -- Sister Act
She was only a fisherman's daughter, but you should have seen her reel when she saw my rod...
She was only the stableman's daughter, but all the horsemen knew her.
She was sending me more mixed signals than a dyslexic third-base coach. -- Jack Bross
She was so glad to see me go, that I have almost a mind to come again, that she may again have the same pleasure. -- Samuel Johnson
She was so narrow-minded she could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
She was the sort of person whose personality would be greatly improved by a terminal illness.
She was the world and I was on top. -- C and C Music Factory
She was using the landscape to hide herself
She was wearing BOXING GLOVES. What do you mean she was nude? -- Rohit Khare
She whines him around her little finger.
She who hesitates is won.
She wouldn't piss on your gums if your teeth were on fire. -- Encino Man
She... had come away with a profound sense of something or other, though she wasn't quite certain what. Still, she had told herself, these days she should feel grateful for a profound sense of anything at all, however unspecific. -- Douglas Adams (The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul)
She's a definite triumph of aerobics over genetics. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
She's a nice girl but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice. -- Foghorn Leghorn
She's a sad tomato. -- REM
She's ALIVE, Jim Pass the Trojans
She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the June Flower.
She's found a way to make her own light. All you do is smile, and banish night. -- XTC
She's genuinely bogus.
She's got everything she needs, she's an artist, she don't look back. -- Bob Dylan
She's got more Chins than a Chinese phone book.
She's got no neck. She's got enough skin for a neck, but she's got no neck. -- Cheryl Klassa
She's got the attention span of a flashcube.
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into words.
She's like a blonde Godzilla, and I'm thousands of screaming Japanese. -- Seinfeld
She's like a bowling ball. She gets picked up, fingered, thrown in the gutter, and still comes back for more...
She's like a milk dud. Sweet on the outside, poison on the inside. -- Bart Simpson
She's like Taco Bell. When people see her, they run for the border.
she's not a lush; she was accidentally overserved. -- Cyndi Bernard
She's out the door before the condom comes off. -- Reality Bites
she's pun-krock -- Colleen McManus
She's so country, she got on an elevator and thought it was a mobile home.
She's so dirty, when I saw her rolling around in the dirt and asked her what she was doing, she said changing.
She's so dopey, she thinks it's the ice cubes that keeps the fridge cold.
She's so dumb, she climed up a tree and said she was branch manager.
She's so fat that when she goes into the theater and takes up two seats, she doesn't even realize there's an armrest in the middle.
She's so fat, after she gets through turning around, they throw her a welcome back party.
She's so fat, her baby pictures were taken by satellite.
She's so fat, her belt size is "equator".
She's so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
She's so fat, her picture weighs ten pounds.
She's so fat, if she sat on a rainbow she'd make skittles.
She's so fat, if she weighed 5 more pounds, she could get group insurance.
She's so fat, she bumps into people even when she's sitting down.
She's so fat, she could sell shade.
She's so fat, she doesn't use a fork. She uses a forklift.
She's so fat, she don't take pictures, she takes posters.
She's so fat, she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
She's so fat, she jumped in air and got stuck.
She's so fat, she stepped on a dime and made ten pennies.
She's so fat, she uses a VCR as a beeper.
She's so fat, she was baptized at SeaWorld.
She's so fat, she wears a watch on each arm. One for each time zone.
She's so fat, she wipes herself with a mattress.
She's so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
She's so fat, that after sex, she rolls over and smokes a ham.
She's so fat, that when she puts on high heels in the morning, by the afternoon, they're flats.
She's so fat, the animals at the zoo feed *her*.
She's so fat, they had to let out the shower curtain.
She's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge, too.
She's so fat, when she gets in the bathtub the water in the toilet rises.
She's so fat, when she puts on her BVD's it spells Boulevard.
She's so fat, when she sits on her moped, you can't hear the engine running.
She's so fat, when she stepped on the scale, it read: to be continued...
She's so fat, when she wears an X cap, helicopters land on her.
She's so old, she's older than her grandmother.
She's so old, when God said Let there be light, she hit the switch.
She's so poor, she can't even pay attention.
She's so poor, they put her picture on food stamps.
She's so poor, when I saw her walking down the street kicking a can and asked her what she was doing, she said moving.
She's so stupid, she called information to get the number to 911.
She's so stupid, she couldn't find eleven when trying to dial 911.
She's so stupid, she sold the car for gas money.
She's so stupid, she thinks masturbation is a karate teacher.
She's so stupid, she thinks MCI is a rapper.
She's so stupid, she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
She's so stupid, she went to the zoo to buy Christmas seals.
She's so ugly, her mother had to feed her with a slingshot.
She's so ugly, it looks like her neck threw up.
She's so ugly, she scares people even with the lights out.
She's so ugly, that when she went to a haunted house, she came out with a job application.
She's such a blemish. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
She's the gulp of Mexico.
She's the kind of chick I'd pick up if I were stoned outta my gourd. Then we'd get home. Then I'd doze off in front of the TV, hoping she'd just leave quietly. Done and done. -- Mike Belt
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success, wrong by wrong. -- Mae West
She's the kind of woman who lets bygones be 'I told you so's. '
She's the only evidence of God that I can find on this entire planet-- with the exception of the mystical force which removes one of my socks from the dryer every time I do laundry. -- Woody Allen
She's the only girl I've ever dated who had a condom-vending machine on the wall of her john.
She's thinking holy mackerel, I'm thinking tuna on the side. -- Bloodhound Gang
She's white, she's good looking, and she's getting away with murder. A postmodern robin hood. -- Gun in Mary Lou's Handbag
She's wild. Three input woman, and she's clean as a whistle... -- Howard Stern
Shebang, n.: A girl who can't say no.
Sheep are best!
Sheep are best
Sheer stockings. Designed for fancy dress, but so serviceable that lots of women wear nothing else.
Sheese! They interrupt the last five minutes for TORNADO warnings! Why can't TV stations get their priorities straight? -- Friends
Shell to DOS... come in DOS... Do you copy?
Shell to DOS....Come in, DOS.....Do you Copy?
Shh Be vewy quiet, I'm hunting wuntime errors
Shh I have to use my incomplete, divided attention here
Shift to the left Shift to the right Pop up, push down Byte, byte, byte
SHIFT TO THE LEFT SHIFT TO THE RIGHT POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE
Shift to the left! Shift to the right! Pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte!
Shifting between domains can help. It's like switching your point of view. Things sometimes look complicated from one angle, but simple from another. In an orchard, from one direction no order is apparent, but from special angles, beautiful regularity emerges. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Shin, n.: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Shine on, you crazy diamond
Ships are safe in a harbour, but that's not what ships are for.
Ships don't come in, they're built.
Shirley, your sexual politics have left me all of a muddle. Shirley, we are joined in the ideological cuddle. I'm celebrating my love for you with a pint of beer and a new tattoo, and if you haven't noticed yet, I'm more impressionable when my cement is wet. -- Billy Bragg (Greetings to the New Brunette)
SHIRLEY'S LAW: Most people deserve each other.
shit, now Greg is pulling for the gold standard. what's u-l coming to? -- Andrew Stellman
Shitake happens.
Shock. Denial. Fear. Booze. Boners. Acceptance. -- Adam Rifkin
Shoe. Car. Clothing line. Soft drink. We know what the four jewels of the celebrity endorsement ring are. -- Jerry Maguire
Shoes are required to eat in the cafeteria, socks can eat wherever they want.
Shoot first, fingerprint the corpse later.
Shoot first, use the ask questions part to reload, then resume shooting. -- Saul Devitt
Shoot your program and put it out of its memory
Shoot, I still think it's fair if they miss Jefferson and guess Franklin or Washington. They're not far apart on the Dead White Male Dartboard, after all. -- Rohit Khare
Shooting up the enemy. Yeah. -- Imperial Teen
Shoplifters with the runs take Clepto Bismol
Shoppers do it in the mall.
Shopping is what we do; it's entertainment. Consumers are what we are; we go shopping for fun. -- Robert X. Cringely
Short circuits got no reason to live.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all. -- Winston Churchill
Shotgun Wedding, n.: A case of wife or death.
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My ecumenical compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. -- Stan Kelly-Bootle
Should have talked to the babe you mentioned earlier. Heck what's the worst that would have happened? She would have killed you? Heh. That'd be lucky. -- Eric Snider
Should I call you for breakfast or will you like cook it for me? -- Butt-head
Should I try to be a straight A student? If you are then you think too much. -- Billy Joel
Should I weed the lawn or say it's a garden?
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Should you have an unaccountable urge to teach this class, however, I'll be happy to give you Mani's slides and stand aside! -- Berna Massingill
Should you understand this, please contact me. I shall gladly explain it until you don't.
Should-haves solve nothing. It's the next thing to happen that needs thinking about. -- Alexandra Ripley
Shouldn't there be a shorter word for monosyllabic?
Shouldn't we try and rise above our evolutionarily determined urges, especially when they're nothing but meaningless, wasteful exchanges? Nope. Well, unless you want to never get laid. See figure 1.
Shouldn't you be doing something useful?
Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure. -- Knute Rockne
Show me a man who has enjoyed his schooldays and I will show you a bully and a bore. -- Robert Morley
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is
Show me a man who thinks the same at 50 as he did at 20, and I'll show you a man who's wasted 30 years of his life. -- Muhammad Ali
Show me a man with head held high, and I'll show you a man who can't get used to bifocals.
Show me a sane man. I'll cure him for you.
Show me the money!! -- Jerry Maguire
Show me your [code] and conceal your [data structures], and I shall continue to be mystified. Show me your [data structures], and I won't usually need your [code]; it'll be obvious. -- Fred Brooks (The Mythical Man Month)
Show me, show me, show me how you do that trick, the one that makes me scream she said. The one that makes me laugh, she said. -- The Cure
Show respect for age. Drink good Scotch for a change.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
Show your appreciation for your lover by suprising him/her with a small gift.
Show your kid a picture of Billy Joel, and a picture of the women he gets, and I guarantee the kid won't quit his piano lessons. -- Howard Stern
Shower the people you love with your love.
Shower with the people you love.
Showing up is 88% of life.
Showtime, folks!
Shriekers do it louder.
Shut the fsck up. -- Robert Linnemann
Shut up and dance... but don't quote me. -- Dr. Woody Self
Shut up and justify my lifestyle, dammit! -- Megan Coughlin
Shut up Fleur, you're one of the guys. -- Vijay Gill
Shut up Timmy. If I wanted your opinion, I'd beat it out of you. -- from a Bud Lite ad
Shut up, Beatrice. -- Butt-head
Shut UP, Beavis. Don't make me smack you. -- Butt-head
Shut UP, Beavis. They play one decent video a year and you have to talk through it! -- Butt-head
Shut up, kid. -- Guinan
Shut up, Spock We're rescuing you -- McCoy
Shut up. Just shut up. You had me at Hello. -- Jerry Maguire
Shy Fruiter and the Saplings would be a great name for a rock band. -- Dave Barry
Shyeah, sending email is always a sign of courage. -- Nathan Loofborrow
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait. [If youth but knew, if old age but could.] -- Henri Estienne
Si Non Oscillas Noli Tintinnare. If you don't swing, don't ring. -- Hugh Hefner
Si nous ne trouvons pas des choses agrables, nous trouverons du moins des choses nouvelles. If we do not find anything pleasant, at least we shall find something new. -- Voltaire (1694-1778, "Candide" (1759), ch. l7)
Sibling rivalry is for kids.
Sic transit gloria mundi. [So passes away the glory of this world.]
Sigh^H^H^H^HWheee.... Another wasted CD-R^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hfrisbee. -- Sam Kass
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
SIGINT is SIGnal INTelliegence - listenin' in on micro trans, etc. NSA kinda stuff. HUMINT is HUMan INTelligence - James Bond kinda stuff - CIA Bailiwick. SPEARMINT is gum - Wrigley's kinda stuff. -- Gary Cooper
Sigmund's wife wore freudian slips.
Sign in a bus: "No dogs allowed. Seeing-eye-dogs excepted." Who the hell is THAT written for??
Sign in a Chinese restaurant: Restrooms for Costumers Only.
Sign in a department store: ``Make this a Christmas you won't forget - charge everything.''
Sign in a marriage counselor's window: ``OUT TO LUNCH - THINK IT OVER.''
Sign in a retail store: Prices subject to change according to customers' attitude.
Sign in a Swiss mountain inn: Special today -- no ice cream.
Sign in an antique shop: ``Come in and buy what your grandmother threw away.''
Sign in hearing aid department: Over 5,000 ears of experience.
Sign in restaurant: "This work is coming to pizzas".
Sign language is a prerequisite for taking Italian.
Sign me up for enuui. Or not. Whatever. -- Fleur Dragan
Sign on a clothing store - Come inside and have a fit.
Sign on a garbage truck: ``Our business is picking up.''
Sign on a landscape truck: ``We just keep rolling a lawn.''
Sign on bank: "FREE BOTTLE OF CHIVAS WITH EVERY MILLION-DOLLAR DEPOSIT."
Sign on bank: FREE BOTTLE OF CHIVAS WITH EVERY MILLION-DOLLAR DEPOSIT.
Sign on bank: We can loan you enough money to get you completely out of debt!
Sign on California freeway: All in favor of conserving gasoline please raise your right foot.
Sign on Closed Nuclear Power Plant... "Gone Fission."
Sign on grocery store window: ass. cake, $1.99.
Sign outside a restaurant: Now Serving Food. What did they used to serve?
Sign seen in a dry cleaner's window (located in a area where there are several law offices): We press law suits.
Sign spotted in a massage-parlor window: COME IN! WE KNEAD YOUR BUSINESS!
Sign up now for the summarizing Proust competition
Signito ergo sum. I sign therefore I am.
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help. - from the Brown Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet
Signs, signs, everywhere are signs. Blocking up the scenery, breaking my mind. Do this, don't do that, can't you read the sign? -- Five Man Acoustical Band
Silence is a friend who will never betray. -- Confucius
Silence is better than unmeaning words. -- Pythagoras
Silence is so accurate. -- Mark Rothko
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn. -- George Bernard Shaw
Silence is the only successful substitute for brains.
Silence like a cancer grows, hear my words that I might teach you, take my arms that I might reach you ... -- Paul Simon
Silence may not be golden, but at least it's quiet.
Silence those who oppose freedom of speech.
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts. -- Margaret Lee Runbeck (Answer Without Ceasing)
Silentium, stultorum virtus. Silence is the virtue of fools. -- Francis Bacon
Silicon Valley is getting ridiculous. I just got $4 million in venture funding with a Happy Meal at McDonald's (ahem, McDonald's Family Restaurants Venture Partners, LLP). -- Faisal Jawdat
Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life. -- Dave Butler
silly martin! *nothing* could possibly make dan more desirable. he's perfect the way he is, provided he starts wearing flowered sundresses. -- Andrew Stellman
Silly question
Silly Rifkin, tricks are for kids. -- John Dobbin
Silly Wabbit, QWKs are for kids
Silverman's Paradox: If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
Silversmith does it on a VAX.
Simon Lubkin. Dealer in Romancement.
Simon says: don't be so suggestible.
Simon's Law: Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
Simple acknowledgement, not involving some complex arcane ritual involving sanctioned white lies and insincere replies. -- Richard Goodman
Simple little math teachers say that 10/0 is undefined. -- Jerry Griffin
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
Simple solutions seldom are.
Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
Simplicity and clarity should be your theme in dress.
Simplicity, carried to an extreme, becomes elegance. -- Jon Franklin
Simplicity, of all things, is the hardest to be copied. -- Sir Richard Steele
Simply put, there is no way to leave a suicide note without looking corny. -- Tara Morrison
Simply the thing I am shall make me live. -- William Shakespeare
Simultaneous orgasms are mostly the result of a stroke of luck.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -- Holmes
Sin is sort of goofy. -- Professor Beildelman
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace.
Since all this happened I'm getting so many girls I had to put airbags on the headboard of my bed. -- Kato Kaelin
Since director Ron Shelton imagines most losers of the world look like Kevin Costner, it becomes easy to set up these unbelievable sports stories where the loser ends up achieving some kind of career goal while boning the most beautiful woman in the area. -- Mr. Cranky
Since few to none of the CRPC people have good voices, it's just as well that they don't sing our praises. -- JoAnn Boyd
Since I hurt my pendulum My life is all erratic. My parrot, who was cordial, Is now transmitting static. The carpet died, a palm collapsed, The cat keeps doing poo. The only thing that keeps me sane Is talking to my shoe. -- My Shoe
Since I was a kid, my mom said to me, "Megan, if you're going to get married, whatever you do, don't marry a man." -- Megan Coughlin
Since I've been winning, I've enjoyed gambling less. -- John Dobbin
Since it was based on a mistaken address, that would be the equivalent of discovering you're six degrees from Robert DeNiro because your girlfriend says she knows Kevin Bacon, but then you come to find out that she just wanted to get you to pay for dinner. -- Duck
Since man had anything valuable, he's been trading money for sex. Look, Wilma, shiny rock... bend over. -- John Laroquette
Since my last report, he has reached rock bottom, and has started to dig.
Since my old lady left me, I have lost my will to drink.
Since poverty is no disgrace, may you never know shame.
Since prehistoric man, no battle has ever gone as planned. -- D. Graeme
Since science tells us that sound will not travel through a vacuum, why is my Hoover so loud?
Since skills aren't required, they're less-than-often acquired. -- Adam Rifkin
Since we cannot get what we like, let us like what we can get.
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive. -- John Sloan
Since we're all here, we must not be all there. -- Bob Mountain Beck
Since we're the stars, we wanna show us in ways we've never been seen before. Like a giant closeup of my crotch would be pretty cool. Heh heh. They'd be like, "I'll be damned. Never saw that before." -- Butt-head
Since when did you start wearing underwear? -- Bird on a Wire
Sincerity is the Way. -- Mencius (372-289 B.C.)
Sing the order to the tune of your favorite song from Metallica's Master of Puppets CD.
Singapore is an astonishingly efficient and repressive hyper-modern state, like Disneyland with death penalties. -- William Gibson
Single people die earlier. Marriage is healthier. If you're looking for a long life and a slow death, get married.
Single people open the door of the refrigerator see what's in it and go to bed. Married people see what's in bed and go to the refrigerator.
Single-handedly, I have fought my way into this hopeless mess.
Sir Klingons on the starboard bow Well, scrape 'em off
Sir Stafford Cripps has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -- Winston Churchill
Sir, I've been meaning to dicuss these feelings. -- Troi
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
Sir, you SOUND crosseyed. -- Howard Stern
Sir. There is a green, multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder... -- Mr. Spock
Sircar's Corollary to Godwin's Law: If the Usenet discussion touches on homosexuality or Heinlein, Nazis or Hitler are mentioned within three days.
Sister, sister, he's just a play thing. We want to make him stay up all night. -- Talking Heads
Sit down, you're rocking the boat! -- Guys and Dolls
Sit, walk, or run, but don't wobble. -- Zen proverb
Sites are now looking for new ways to attract and retain visitors. One of the more popular strategies is the use of sweepstakes. It may just work as 93 million Americans participated in a sweepstakes or other game of chance last year. If sweepstakes don't work, we may see some sites turn to the last resort of creating a compelling user experience and a quality value-proposition for visitors. -- Dave Pell
Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come. -- the Beatles
Six beautiful dancing girls! Five beautiful costumes!
Six by nine. Forty-two. That's it. That's all there is. -- Douglas Adams
Six cocky sock cutters, cockily cutting socks!
Six degrees. 2 million dollars. Don't think of elephants. -- Six Degrees of Separation
Six hours of sleep are not necessary.
Six megs, two monitors, and an attitude
Six of one, 110 base 2 of another.
Six thousand dollars for three weeks of uninterrupted diarrhea. -- Woddy Allen (Don't Drink the Water)
Six very attractive, clever people who drink lots of coffee and don't have sex with each other. Yeah, RIGHT. -- Margaret Cho's grandmother
Six words: Dr. Quinn, Totally Nude Medicine Woman. -- David Letterman
Six years I've had this t-shirt. It's my best one. I call him Golden Boy. -- Seinfeld
Sixty years ago I knew everything; now I know nothing; education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. -- Will Durant
Skating away on the thin ice of a new day.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art. -- Tom Stoppard
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor): That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you should have gotten.
Skins -- user-customizable interface overlays -- are the latest rage. "Non-standard!" is the new rallying cry. And all this portends dark days to come -- perky, shiny, translucent days, yes, but dark as night. -- Greg Knauss
Skipper! Little buddy! -- Gilligan's Island
SKOFF'S LAW: A child will not spill on a dirty floor.
Skunks who like to 69 are called odor eaters.
Sky will launch the Tarantino channel, showing continuous repeats of Natural True Reservoir Pulp Zoe.
Skydivers go down faster...
slack off... my life is so much better now that I don't have something as silly as classes getting in my way -- Erik Ogan
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Slap me with the splintered ruler. -- Alanis Morissette
Slavery is not the evil thing people make it out to be. I myself would love a few slaves. -- John Dobbin
Slaves do it with whips and chains.
Sleep deprivation is fun. You see such pretty colors.
Sleep deprivation makes everything really neat. -- Henry Rollins
Sleep is actually a good substitute for coffee -- Bill Arms
Sleep is death without the responsibility. -- Fran Leibowitz
Sleep is for MIT students. If they slept less, maybe X wouldn't suck so hard. -- CMU saying
Sleep is for Pitt students. -- CMU saying
Sleep is for wimps. Happy, healthy, well-rested wimps, but wimps nonetheless.
Sleep is optional... -- Quicktime 1.0 development team memo
Sleep is terrible. When you're finished you have nothing to show for it.
Sleep is the mind-killer! Defeat sleep! And you can end up like Anu! -- Jim Mulhearn
SLEEP: that fleeting moment just before the alarm.
Sleep? Isn't that a completely inadequate substitute for caffeine? -- scrawled on a Microsoft lab wall
Sleeping is no mean art; for its sake one must stay awake all day. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Sleeping on this couch is like spooning with Adam. -- Joe Kiniry
Sleeping with a prostitute like bungee jumping because they both cost 50 bucks and if the rubber breaks you die.
sleeze... I need sleeze....very much so........ -- Sam Miller
Sleight of hand and twist of fate, on a bed of nails she makes me wait. -- U2
Slick's First Law of the Universe: Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
slight issue: to wit, we are not nice, we are not quiet, and we are not 'slightly' eccentric, we are fucking --><lt;--- far away from being put in padded cells -- Vijay Gill
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Aio, quantitas magna frumentorum est. Yes, that is a very large amount of corn.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Anulos qui animum ostendunt omnes gestemus! Let's all wear mood rings!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Braccae illae virides cum subucula rosea et tunica Caledonia-quam elenganter concinnatur! Those green pants go so well with that pink shirt and the plaid jacket!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Canis meus id comedit. My dog ate it.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Catapultam habeo. Nisi pecuniam omnem mihi dabis, ad caput tuum saxum immane mittam. I have a catapult. Give me all the money, or I will fling an enormous rock at your head.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Cave ne ante ullas catapultas ambules. If I were you, I wouldn't walk in front of any catapults.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Die dulci fruere. Have a nice day.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Estne volumen in toga, an solum tibi libet me videre? Is that a scroll in your toga, or are you just happy to see me?
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Fac me cocleario vomere! Gag me with a spoon!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Fac ut gaudeam. Make my day.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Fac ut vivas. Get a life.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Furnulum pani nolo. I don't want a toaster.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Gramen artificiosum odi. I hate Astroturf.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Illiud Latine dici non potest. You can't say that in Latin.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Magister Mundi sum! I am the Master of the Universe!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Mellita, domi adsum. Honey, I'm home.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Mihi ignosce. Cum homine de cane debeo congredi. Excuse me. I've got to see a man about a dog.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Ne auderis delere orbem rigidum meum! Don't you dare erase my hard disk!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Nihil curo de ista tua stulta superstitione. I'm not interested in your dopey religious cult.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Nihil est... in vita priore ego imperator Romanus fui. That's nothing... in a previous life I was a Roman Emperor.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Noli me vocare, ego te vocabo. Don't call me, I'll call you.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Non curo. Si metrum non habet, non est poema. I don't care. If it doesn't rhyme, it isn't a poem.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Nullo metro compositum est. It doesn't rhyme.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: O! Plus! Perge! Aio! Hui! Hem! Oh! More! Go on! Yes! Ooh! Ummm!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Oblitus sum perpolire clepsydras! I forgot to polish the clocks!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Prehende uxorem meam, sis! Take my wife, please!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam possit materiari? How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Quo signo nata es? What's your sign?
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Radix lecti. Couch potato.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Raptus regaliter. Royally screwed.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Re vera, potas bene. Say, you sure are drinking a lot.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Recedite, plebes! Gero rem imperialem! Stand aside plebians! I am on imperial business.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Romani quidem artem amatoriam invenerunt. You know, the Romans invented the art of love.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Sentio aliquos togatos contra me conspirare. I think some people in togas are plotting against me.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Si hoc signum legere potes, operis boni in rebus Latinus alacribus et fructuosis potiri potes! If you can read this sign, you can get a good job in the fast-paced, high-paying world of Latin!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Sic faciunt omnes. Everyone is doing it.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Sona si Latine loqueris. Honk if you speak Latin.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Spero nos familiares mansuros. I hope we'll still be friends.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Tam exanimis quam tunica nehru fio. I am as dead as the nehru jacket.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Te audire no possum. Musa sapientum fixa est in aure. I can't hear you. I have a banana in my ear.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Te precor dulcissime supplex! Pretty please with a cherry on top!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Totum dependeat. Let it all hang out.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Utinam barbari spatium proprium tuum invadant! May barbarians invade your personal space!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Utinam coniurati te in foro interficiant! May conspirators assassinate you in the mall!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Utinam logica falsa tuam philosophiam totam suffodiant! May faulty logic undermine your entire philosophy!
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Vacca foeda. Stupid cow
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Ventis secundis, tene cursum. Go with the flow.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Vescere bracis meis. Eat my shorts.
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Vidistine nuper imagines moventes bonas? Seen any good movies lately?
Slightly Less Common Latin Phrase: Visne saltare? Viam Latam Fungosam scio. o you want to dance? I know the Funky Broadway.
Slip inside the eye of your mind, don't you know you might find a better place to play? You say that you've never been with all the things that you've seen, so you fade away. So we start a revolution from my bed, 'cause you said the brains I had went to my head. -- Oasis
Slipcover, n.: Maternity dress.
Slitting your wrists is a terrible way to lower your blood pressure.
Sloppy, raggedy-assed old life. I love it. I never want to die. -- Dennis Trudell
Slow down you crazy child, take the phone off the hook and disappear for a while. -- Billy Joel
Slower Traffic Keep Right - Is that so difficult?
Slug Sautee, n.: An hors of a different d'oeuvre.
Slurm, n.: The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when it sits in the dish too long. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Slurm, sniglet: The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when it sits in the dish too long.
Slurpee in my left hand, big bite in my right.
Slut: A woman who sleeps with more than one person, but won't sleep with you.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Small is beautiful. -- Schumacher (Schumacher's Dictum)
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. -- Demosthenes
Small programs are for small minds.
Small talk hangs like a dirty cloud saying nothing real but deafening loud. -- Toad the Wet Sprocket
Small things make base men proud.
Small towns in Germany are usually about ten kilotons apart. -- Jake McGuire
Smallness and bitterness can only last as long as we allow them. -- Joyce Hifler
Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Smart is when you believe only half of what you hear. Brilliant is when you know which half to believe. -- Robert Orben
Smart? Well, I got good grades but that's irrelevant. -- Samantha Crouse
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue...
Smile and the world smiles with you. Frown and you get credit for thinking.
smile for a satellite picture!
Smile it makes people wonder what you've been up to.
Smile You're on Candid Camera.
Smile You're on Candid Modem
Smile! It's the second-best thing you can do with your lips.
Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
Smile, but sharpen your knives.
Smile, it could be worse. So I did, and it was.
Smile, it's the second good thing you can do with your lips.
Smile, tomorrow will be worse.
Smile, you're on candid cookie.
Smile. It's the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Smile. Things may get worse more slowly.
Smile... people will wonder what you've been up to.
Smile; it makes people wonder what you are thinking.
Smiley faces were meant to be annoying.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
Smoke no peaches.
Smoke. Choke. Croak.
Smoking brings a lump to the throat.
Smoking in the lavatories is prohibited. Any person caught smoking in the lavatories will be asked to leave the plane immediately.
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life. -- Brooke Shields
Smoking. Think of it as evolution in action.
Smooth... with a capital SMOO! -- The Cat (Red Dwarf)
Smurf exterminator.
Smurfs like getting kids used to blue people. It's so Krishna. -- Slacker
Snacktrek, n.: The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will have materialized. -- Rich Hall (Sniglets)
Snacktrek, sniglet: The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will have materialized.
SNAG = Sensitive New Age Guy.
Snakes are slithering out of faucets. Cockroaches are crawling out of people's clothing. Young girls are invoking spirits, walking on water, killing marine animals and causing the hair to fall out of pretty blond heads. Slowly, black magic is consuming young minds. I ask you in all seriousness: WHAT IS CATHOLIC SCHOOL DOING TO OUR CHILDREN? -- Mr. Cranky
Snakes have no arms. That's why they don't wear vests.
Snakes... why does it always have to be snakes? -- Indiana Jones
Sneakers will be fine. And nothing else. I cynically believe this is the only way womens sports will catch on. -- John Dobbin
Sneezes that build up but never detonate.
Snert, n.: A person, usually preteen, who disrupts chat rooms in an attempt to earn a Junior Hacquer D00D merit badge at the expense of other users of that service.
Snorting wildly, Worf actually smells his own feet.
Snotch, n.: The depression under your nose.
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that go away if ignored long enough.
Snow Day - stay home.
Snow is beautiful until you shovel it.
Snow Job, n.: Something a man uses to defrost a woman.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs... a cool flick about a maid who makes it big. -- John Dobbin
So ... You're keeping me alive because you don't know DOS? -- Izzy (The Propecy II)
So anyway, after I graduated, a number of years passed, in chronological order... -- Dave Barry
So at this moment (assuming that you're not reading/responding to e-mail while you're having sex), you are asexual? -- Megan Coughlin
So Bono used the F-word... who the F cares? -- Howard Stern
So Cal is where my mind states, but it's not my state of mind. I'm not as ugly sad as you. Or am I origami? Folded up and just pretend, demented as the motives in your head. -- Eve 6 (Inside Out)
So dry and yet so wet.
So easy, even a monkey could do it. (Well, if he had a computer and a modem and phone service... and other little monkey friends with computers... you get the picture.) -- www.sixdegrees.com
So eat, drink, and be merry for tomorrow it will cost more.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence. -- Bertrand Russell
So far as intellectual 'work' is concerned, I have no idea about that any longer. What I have left is a total receptiveness in the void, where nothing is to be expected except from universal gravity. -- Jean Baudrillard
So far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain. And so far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
So far, caffeine seems Y2K compliant. 50 hours so far and I'm not the least bit paranoid, though after the 30th pot or so I decided that Mylanta makes a better creamer than skim milk. [...] WHAT THE *#$& WAS THAT!? Oh...sorry. -- Jason Leonard
So far, Owen does not have access to: music, alcohal, caffeine, beef. Who wants chip in and send a care package? Who will voluenteer to wrap the cow? -- Jeff Magnuson
So Father Mason clutching his crucifix baptized the baby in whiskey and licorice, what a lovely way drowning sins in tooth decay. -- Jellyfish
So godawful that it ruptured the very fabric of space and time with the sheer overpowering force of its mediocrity. -- Mr. Cranky
So great Guru, can you open my Sahasrar, balance my Karma, and bestow upon me instant Samadhi with respect to this issue? -- Alan Heirich
So he wore a hefty bag. What's the big deal? -- Adam Rifkin
So he's an eligible receiver? -- Seinfeld
So how is this avant-garde? It's secretly ironic.
So I am proud only of those days that pass in undivided tenderness. -- Robert Bly (The Man in the Black Coat Turns)
So I call up Sally: "Hi, I'm doing research. Do you have a boyfriend?" -- Dan Milberg
So I decided to try Galaxies after all, although with some trepidation. I felt better when I came to understand that it did not have to be a novel but merely a set of notes for one. Knowing this I was not shamed nor did I grier, for one's life is merely a set of notes for a life and Ridgefield Park merely a rough working model of Trenton in which nonetheless several thousand people live unable to divine their right hand from their left, and also some cattle. Shalt thou have not pity on the cattle? For they too grew up and perished in a night. -- Barry N. Malzberg (Galaxies)
So I guess it just proves our overriding thesis: people are dum. -- Megan Coughlin
So I know it's all right; life will come and life will go. -- Indigo Girls
So I saw Alive, pretty cool movie, only got Hollywood towards the end. My review is "Hmm. Tastes kinda like chicken." -- Nathan Loofborrow
So I slide it in sideways, SO WHAT!!!
So I started to walk into the water. I won't lie to you boys, I was terrified. But I pressed on, and as I made my way past the breakers a strange calm came over me. I don't know if it was divine intervention or the kinship of all living things, but I tell you Jerry, at that moment I was a marine biologist. -- Seinfeld
So I think we should build an Intel processor out of penguins.
So I would chose to be with you. That's if the choice were mine to make. -- Billy Joel
So I'll continue to continue to pretend my life will never end, and flowers never bend with the rainfall. -- Simon and Garfunkel
So if I'm hearing correctly, any thought (of what happens to you when you die) dies? Hmmm. What happens to *those* thoughts when they die? -- Adam Rifkin
So if you find my black sunglasses, I will be your friend for life if your return them to me. What greater reward could I offer? -- John Thornley
So if you have a date in Constantinople she'll be waiting in Istanbul. -- They Might Be Giants
So its plan "B" for tonight: Go to a party at Penn State and get totally obliterated. (For those of you playing along Plan "A" = Plan "B" it just had different preconditions.) -- Mark Denovich
So just what ARE time flies, and why do they like an ARROW?
So long as I get laid I don't care. -- John Dobbin
So long!
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
So many assholes, so few bullets -- Ford Fairlane
So many bytes, so few CPUs.
So many damsels, so little time.
So many idiots... too few flame-throwers...
So many lawyers, so few bullets.
So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
So many obituaries...And always the wrong ones -- Marian Balsam
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable. -- Christopher Reeve (8/26/96)
So many pedestrians, so little time.
So many stupid people... so few comets...
So many toys, so little time.
So many women, so little charisma.
So many women, so little nerve. -- Bruce Sherrod
So much time and so little to do ... strike that, reverse it. -- Willy Wonka
So much time, and so little to do.
So much to do, so few people to do it for me.
So much to do, so little time. -- Mr. X (Vortex Comics)
So my Chilean calendar was right. It really is March 43rd. -- Dr. Fegg
So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge. -- Cicero
So no one told you life was gonna be this way... -- Friends
So perl is like a graceful swan, gliding across a lake. But underneath the water, there's these little legs, paddling like buggery." -- Beable Van Polasm
So quick and ingenious are the minds of men in learning the most pernicious arts.
So remember that Rome was not built in a day but that Cleaveland was.
So Shut Up, Live, Travel, Adventure, Bless, And Don't Be Sorry. -- Jack Kerouac
So tell me, what color is the sky on your planet?
So that I can say the following sentence and be utterly sure that nobody has ever said it before in the history of human communication: Hold the newsreader's nose squarely, waiter, or friendly milk will countermand my trousers. -- Stephen Fry
So that's what an invisible barrier looks like! -- Time Bandits
So the District is nicer compared to New York. Eva Braun was probably nicer than Messalina. So? No one lives in either city because it's nice. You live in this part of the country to make money, crush your inferiors, flatter your betters, and because the dry cleaners around here are good at getting out blood and adrenalin. You want to smell trees? Go to Minnesota. Which, incidentally, is what I did. I can snipe at everyone from here. -- James Lileks
So the guys [trying to use NT] with the alpha are whining. They selected 'reset system to factory defaults.' It erased the disk. -- Rob Earhart
So the new look, new stupid, Deja decided to killfile five years of Usenet archiving to concentrate on its comparison-shopping core incompentency. -- Danny O'Brien
So the poor old ostrich died for nothing? -- Blackadder IV
So the problem was not in distant but the actual masses? You know, sometimes the physical laws of attraction just don't apply to people. -- Adam Rifkin
So the two rules for tonight are, I'm not going to sleep with you, and you've *got* to stop lying to me. -- Lex Gibson
So this is Christmas, and what have you done? -- John Lennon
So this is it, we're going to die. -- Arthur Dent
So this is the secret of happiness
So this is the ship they say is unsinkable. -- Titanic
so this is what happens when Steve Jobs hooks up with Tito Fuentes. incidentally, tuning castanets generally requires a router. and a chisel. -- Andrew Stellman
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad...
So this link takes you to my real live current up-to-the-minute hotlist. Pretend you're me! Go to my hotlist, avoid doing real work, and cause net traffic. -- Bruce Sherrod
So we can work in any base down to base 1 just by lopping off fingers? I'll have to try that after I find a way to reattach them. -- John Dobbin
So we immediately rushed out and set up our own Lost Manual Review Committee. -- HavenTree
So we sat, and we watched, all the specially-selected news. And we learned so much more 'bout the good guys... -- The Gulf War song (Moxy Fruvous)
So we went to Atari and said, 'Hey, we've got this amazing thing, even built with some of your parts, and what do you think about funding us? Or we'll give it to you. We just want to do it. Pay our salary, we'll come work for you.' And they said, 'No.' So then we went to Hewlett-Packard, and they said, 'Hey, we don't need you. You haven't got through college yet.' -- Steve Jobs
So what are you saying? That there's no God, but there's you? -- Fearless
So what do you think the scatological implications of whiz-bangery are? -- Rohit Khare
So what is your advice to the young, the violent, the headstrong these days? -- Rohit Khare
So what was the first week of Spring Vacation withdrawal like? -- Heathers
So what you're looking for is something that is essentially free (at least after the first user) Runs on a machine that hasn't been state of the art in 7 years, but yet has much of the functionality of a high end product? -- John Dobbin
So what's the Glory in living? Doesn't anybody ever stay together any more? And if love never lasts forever, tell me, what's Forever for? -- Michael Martin Murphy
So what's the matter with MY taglines?
So what's the opposite of the Constitution? -- Norman Eliaser
So what's the plan? Shimmy up the drainpipe and ask if she'll take consignment of a delivery of German sausage? -- Blackadder III
So when would you girls like to sign the form that says last night never happened? -- Brain Candy
So when you graduate cum laude you're not supposed to masturbate during the ceremony? -- John Dobbin
So whenever you're around Peet and/or me, you will hear cries of Ahgee and Whoopie as situations warrant. -- Megan Coughlin
So who WAS this Malcolm the Tenth, anyway?
So you found a girl who thinks really deep thoughts. What's so amazing about really deep thoughts? Boy, you'd best hope that I bleed real soon. How's that thought for you? -- Tori Amos
So you see, not only does cell phone radiation cause impotence, incontinence, jock itch, malaria, and loss of hearing, but it also makes you stupid and forgetful. Furthermore, frequent and and public use of cell phones will cause all of your children to be born *completely naked*. Some of the cool Dick Tracy wrist phones that were recently announced are, however, totally cool and harmless. I will own one someday. Ok, that is all. -- Hannibal (ArsTechnica)
So you see, the only truth proof of what you are is in the way you hear the truth. -- Lemmy Kilmeister
So you're back.
So you're lines that look the same when graphed in three dimensions, but that are different when graphed in four? Cool, I've never seen such a clear example of a four dimensional space. -- John Dobbin
So, as you can see, our aggressive self-promotional policy of sitting on our asses is paying off handsomely.
so, c'mon people. i want us to double our bile production by the end of the first quarter. with luck, we can turn this place into alt.gothic. ..does anyone still have the lyrics to 'procmail -> null' ?? -- Vince Farquharson
So, do you live around here often?
so, I have a bit of a dilemma. On the one hand, I hate life. On the other hand, I just made blackberry cobbler. How can I hate life while eating blackberry cobbler? -- Jody Prival
So, I went over to the X Marks the Pedwalk web page, in hopes of figuring out what the HELL the lyrics are to Facer (one of those questions that keeps me up late at night, along with "does God exist?" and "If Colin's five years older than me, how come *he's* always the one getting carded?"). -- Nikki Gustas
So, I'm sorting through my junk in preparation for having my house cleaned this Thursday and I come across a sheet of paper with 5 names on it and nothing else. The 5 names are (in order in case that proves significant): Courtney Love, John Huston, Adolf Hitler, Moses, Isiaih Rider. I'd love to know the train of thought that produced this list, but it completely escapes me. -- John Dobbin
So, if rapid releases and leveraging the Internet medium to the hilt were not accidents but integral parts of Linus's engineering-genius insight into the minimum-effort path, what was he maximizing? What was he cranking out of the machinery? Put that way, the question answers itself. Linus was keeping his hacker/users constantly stimulated and rewarded - stimulated by the prospect of having an ego-satisfying piece of the action, rewarded by the sight of constant (even daily) improvement in their work. Linus was directly aiming to maximize the number of person-hours thrown at debugging and development, even at the possible cost of instability in the code and user-base burnout if any serious bug proved intractable. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
So, if you discovered a new feature in Gnus *while* rolling on the juice through a well-cambered turn on your bike, would your pleasure center simply short itself out? -- Dan Martinez
So, in the interests of balanced journalism, I managed to find a five-minute gap in the Marquess of Blandford's diary when he actually had a driving licence, and asked him to have a go. [...] One hour later, he was back beaming the smile of a man who had been taken a little closer to Godhood: "You've got to understand a 911's little foibles. If you really understand these cars, you will know that this is just the best of them all." He is sitting behind me now, tied to the chair with a bar of soap in his mouth. And I won't let him go until he stops calling my Ferrari a Fiat and admits that the worst car in the world is not, as we had suspected, the Vauxhall Vectra. -- Jeremy Clarkson
So, is it my imagination, or are packets from CS to Andrew being written out in longhand by epileptics, taped to heavily sedated passenger pigeons, flown across campus, and re-entered by front panel toggles by a corpse? -- Andrew Plotkin
So, Is it too early to hose andrew? -- John Myers
so, kill me, or i'll send the intel bunny people to do their thing on your ass. -- Joshua Schachter
So, last night President Clinton told his MTV audience he wears briefs. I'll take 'Things I Didn't Want to Know for $500, Alex.' -- David Letterman
so, like, i have insomnia (as sam kass has probably already witnessed in my early email to him.) so, i tried my tried and true very very very last resort: alcohol. drank down a couple a guinnesses to fast for the quality of the beer. now, im a blasted insomniac, and i have devised a few schemes for the betterment of the human race. -- Kerry Hagan
So, Mr. Nahasapeemapetilon, if that is your real name... -- Lionel Hutz cross-examines Appu
So, my brother is human after all. -- Robert Picard
So, my question, Tosh, is: Am I slime? And is she really OK with it or is she just saying that? -- Mike Gaslin
So, the National Hockey League has approved an expansion franchise for Nashville. It's the first time in the history of the NHL that a team will have more teeth than the fans. -- Dennis Miller
So, this polyamory stuff means all the horny geek chicks at CMU get to fuck all the guys they want, and the guys have to put up with their girlfriend sleeping with other men, right? I mean, I don't see too many guys at CMU with more than one girlfriend... -- unknown CMU Escort van passenger
so, today, I am going to do what any normal women in my position would do. I'm going to go shopping. -- Kristyna Collier
SO, U WANT TO BE AN ARTIST? OR JUST ACT LIKE ONE? WELL NOW U CAN! 4 ONLY $75, U 2 CAN SPEND A WEEK IN THE DESERT, ROUGHING IT WITH OTHER 'CREATIVES' AND MAKING 'CONCEPT PIECES' ON THE INTERNET! DON'T FORGET TO PACK YOUR ATTITUDE, YOUR WILLINGNESS TO PAY FOR FAKE INSPIRATION AND COMMUNITY, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, YOUR IGNORANCE! -- Kristiina Wilson
So, what's with this Gideon guy, anyway? And why can't he ever remember his Bible?
So, where are we on the calendar? -- Men Behaving Badly
So, you have this invisible man who lives in the clouds. He has a list of ten things you can't do, and if you do do them, he will fry you. Yet, he loves you? -- George Carlin
Soccer players do it for kicks.
Soccer players have spotted balls.
Social Butterfly: a person with friends who don't know how to use e-mail. -- Kevin Knight
Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being.
Socialism and communism are for people who like their dictatorships obvious.
Socialism is communism without the firing squad.
Socialism is the equal distribution of poverty.
Socializing, i don't know anything about it... zephyr, that's completely different. -- Joshua Schachter
Society has long been hostile to intellectuals, suspecting them of everything from moral weakness and dangerous scepticism to communist conspiracy and venereal disease, but never has it been quite so explicit in pursuing the opposite prejudice, the moral elevation of simple-mindedness. We North Americans find ourselves, on the brink of the third millenium, living in a high-tech society in which, paradoxically, stupidity is our brightest badge of goodness. -- Mark Kingwell (Dreams of Millennium)
Society is a mule, not a car; if pressed harder, it will kick and throw you off
Society like air, is necessary but not complete for life.
Society never advances. It recedes as fast on one side as it gains on the other. For every thing that is given, something is taken. Society aquires new arts, and looses old instincts...The civilized man has built a coach, but has lost the use of his feet ...His notebooks impair his memory; his libraries overload his wit; the insurance office increases the number of accidents; and it may be a question whether machinery does not encumber; whether we have not lost by refinement some energy, by a Christianity entrenched in establishments and forms, some vigor of wild virtue....The arts and inventions of each period are only its costume, and do not invigorate men. The harm of the improved machinery may compensate its good. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Society nods its head at any horror the American teenager can think to bring upon itself. -- Heathers
Society says I gotta wear condoms! Well I'm not gonna do it! This is anarachy! No way! Not me! Never! -- MTV
Sociologists years ago discovered that the averaged opinion of a mass of equally expert (or equally ignorant) observers is quite a bit more reliable a predictor than that of a single randomly-chosen one of the observers. They called this the "Delphi effect." It appears that what Linus has shown is that this applies even to debugging an operating system - that the Delphi effect can tame development complexity even at the complexity level of an OS kernel. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Sock it to me with apathy.
Socks in their half-lives decay into coat hangers.
Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock.
Socrates eats hemlock!
Socrates said no man is truly ever free. Socrates never skied.
Socrates seems to be the philosophical napkin with which the ensuing cultural thinkers of history wipe their mouths of pedantic ooze.
Socrates was a Greek philosopher who went around giving people good advice. They poisoned him.
Socrates was just this little man with this HUGE mouth.
SODD'S SECOND LAW: Sooner or later the worst is bound to occur.
Sodd's Second Law: Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is bound to occur.
Sodomy, n.: Deep seated love.
Soft and round like a peach, that's a figure of speech. -- Hull High
SOFTWARE -- formal evening attire for female computer analysts.
Software Engineering is a contact sport. -- Dan Lovinger
Software Engineering is programming in spite of the fact that you can't. -- Dijkstra
Software Engineering: That part of computer science which is too difficult for the computer scientist.
Software engineers do it top-down... and bottom up.
Software Independent, n.: Won't work with ANY software.
Software is about getting things working. It is not about pretending to be a math guy. -- Robert Rodgers
Software is like sex: for everyone who pays for it there are hundreds getting it free. And thousands talking about how great it is.
Software is the difference between hardware and reality.
Software is to computers as yeast is to dough. -- Chuck Bradshaw
Software means never having to say you're finished.
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly"... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover. -- Bill Gates
Software, n.: Any sufficiently large collection of bugs.
Software, n.: Polyester double knit.
SOFTWARILY adv. In a way pertaining to software. The system is softwarily unreliable. The adjective 'softwary' is NOT used. See HARDWARILY.
Solaris has over 3,000 kernel locks. Whenever an OS gets that multi-threaded, you've made a pact with the devil. -- Larry McVoy
Solecism, n.: 1. A nonstandard usage or grammatical construction. 2. A violation of etiquette. 3. An impropriety, a mistake, or an incongruity.
Solitude is painful when one is young, but delightful when one is more mature. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Solutions are not the answer. -- Richard Nixon
Solving problems of sexual discrimination by proscriptively tinkering with language is only slightly more relevant than rearranging deckchairs on the Titanic. -- Dr Patrick Juola (Oxford University, in a discussion of the use of gender-neutral pronouns)
Some are born to sweet delight, some are born to endless night. -- William Blake
Some books make me want to go adventuring, others feel that they have saved me the trouble. -- Ashley Brilliant
Some cities die very fast, others very slow. Ask Leningrad who was more blest, they envied Hiroshima for her fireball from the west. -- The Singer
Some creatures that live in the lower intestines of rats would disagree, but then creatures that live in the lower intestines of rats are highly disagreeeable anyway, so their opinions can and SHOULD be discluded. -- Douglas Adams (Mostly Harmless)
Some day you will ache like I ache. -- Courtney Love
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant!
Some days you're the pigeon, some days you're the statue.
Some days, nothing goes left.
Some Do, Some Don't, Some Will and Some Won't.
Some dudes ackshully freeze their sperm. Beavis prefers to make his fresh daily. -- Butt-head
Some experts say a spree or serial killer must claim three victims before being given [either] appellation, but Professor [James Alan] Fox said he believed that four was more accurate. -- NYT 7/17/97
Some folks never exaggerate... They just remember big. -- Audrey Snead
Some folks you don't have to satirize, you just quote em. -- Tom Paxton
Some girls are like car radiators. If you don't keep them full of alcohol, they freeze up on you.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
Some have learnt many Tricks of sly Evasion, Instead of Truth they use Equivocation, And eke it out with mental Reservation, Which is to good Men an Abomination. -- Benjamin Franklin
Some intellectuals have a problem with the choices others make. They naturally assume that they know better and their choices should prevail. I believe Lenin had a similar perspective... -- Rick Rashid
Some jerk infected the Internet with an outright lie. It shows how easy it is to do and how credulous people are. -- Kurt Vonnegut
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some men follow a path. I go where there is no path and leave a trail.
Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal, while others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting at the last moment more vigorous efforts than before. -- Polybius
Some men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not the fish they are after. -- Henry David Thoreau
Some men marry poor girls to settle down, and others marry rich ones to settle up.
Some minds should be cultivated, others plowed under...
Some mornings it just doesn't seem worth it to gnaw through the leather straps. -- Emo Phillips
some music industrians are suggesting that the recent drop in cd sales among teens is due to the increasing popularity of MP3. There are two issues here. One, the place to compete is the marketplace, not the court. Two, the decrease in music sales among teens is more connected to the break-up of Led Zeppelin than MP3. -- Dave Pell
Some of the most awesome Real Programmers of all work at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California. Many of them know the entire operating system of the Pioneer and Voyager spacecraft by heart. With a combination of large ground-based FORTRAN programs and small spacecraft-based assembly language programs, they are able to do incredible feats of navigation and improvisation -- hitting ten-kilometer wide windows at Saturn after six years in space, repairing or bypassing damaged sensor platforms, radios, and batteries. Allegedly, one Real Programmer managed to tuck a pattern-matching program into a few hundred bytes of unused memory in a Voyager spacecraft that searched for, located, and photographed a new moon of Jupiter. The current plan for the Galileo spacecraft is to use a gravity assist trajectory past Mars on the way to Jupiter. This trajectory passes within 80 +/- 3 kilometers of the surface of Mars. Nobody is going to trust a PASCAL program (or PASCAL programmer) for navigation to these tolerances. -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
Some of the things must be believed to be seen. -- Ralph Hodgeson
Some of these were more or less randomly selected in my zeal to fill the machine. -- John Dobbin
Some of this technology is so advanced you need a fifth-grader just to understand it. -- Dan Rather
Some of us have our own opinions. I, for instance, have the opinion that you're a twit. -- Kit Halsted
Some of us pump, and some of us slump. -- Encino Man
Some of your quotes are without context, and void, (and darkness was upon the face of the readers...). -- Bruce Sherrod
Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot; others transform a yellow spot into the sun. -- Pablo Picasso
Some part of me wants to make a sheet of jokes that start with "A naive startup walks into a bar..." -- Robert Rodgers
Some patent medicine ads are so attractive that they make a person who has his health feel like he's missing something.
Some people are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them. -- Joseph Heller (Catch-22)
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple. -- Barry Switzer
Some people are born useless... Some aspire to uselessness... And some have uselessness thrust upon them.
Some people are born with handicaps; others make them up as they go along. -- John Thornley
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to kill.
Some people are paid to be good, but we're good for nothing. -- Peter Campbell
Some people are so nice to be nasty to.
Some people are too big, some people are too small, some people are just right... But they talk too much. -- Grandmother Lisenbee
Some people are, through no fault of their own, sane.
Some people call it abuse, but I call it just being nice. -- Howard Stern as Michael Jackson
Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week. -- William Dean Howells
Some people can tell what time it is by looking at the sun, but I've never been able to make out the numbers. -- Mark Twain
Some people can't help being half a planet away, and how far is that really in the grand scheme of the universe? -- Adam Rifkin
Some people carve careers, others chisel them.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some people could really use a good mental flossing.
Some people do nothing in particular, but they do it very well.
Some people don't engage in conversation, they syndicate it.
Some people don't know what's cooking. I don't even have a recipe.
Some people drink to forget. I don't remember what I drink for.
Some people fall for everything and stand for nothing.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."
Some people have compared the security holes in this system to a hole the size that a 747 could fly through. By now, I would imagine it's up in the range of Star Destroyer class. -- Dan Lovinger
Some people have it made; others have it coming to them.
Some people have skeletons in their closets. I have a graveyard.
Some people in this department wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people know how to live everybody else's life but their own.
Some people know the price of everything and the value of nothing. -- Oscar Wilde
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it. -- Gordon R. Dickson
Some people live life in the fast lane. I live life in oncoming traffic.
Some people make mistakes, I initiate disasters
Some people march to a different drummer... and some people polka.
Some people never find it, some people only pretend, but I just want to live happily ever after, now and then. -- Jimmy Buffett
Some people only attach value to things they have to pay for. This is the businessman's mindset. He believes in Money, with a capital M. It defines him, and his relationship with the world is interpreted in terms of the flow of cash. This is the work of Adam Smith's Invisible Hand, which has long been wedged up Adam Smith's Invisible Butt. -- Jeremy Lee
Some people pay a compliment as if they expect a receipt. -- Kin Hubbard
Some people pay so much attention to their reputation that they lose character.
Some people play golf; I sue journalists. It's a little more expensive, but you don't have to have special shoes. -- Harry Thomason
Some people play hard to get. I play hard to want. -- Ford Fairlane
Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.
Some people say that I must be a horrible person, but that's not true. I have the heart of a young boy -- in a jar on my desk. -- Steven King
Some people say the best revenge is living well. Fuck that, the best revenge is your ex getting fat. -- Gary Perez
Some people say the pen is mightier than the sword. I say fuck the pen, because you can die by the sword. -- Tom Araya
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that shit. -- George Carlin
Some people stay far away from the door, if there's a chance of it opening up. They hear a voice in the hall outside and hope that it just passes by. -- Billy Joel
Some people suffer in silence louder than others complain. -- The Lion (Lions Club International)
Some people think they are generous because they give away free advice.
Some people who boast about how broad minded they are may just be too lazy to find out which side they're on.
Some people wish for peace for our children and their children. This is not enough. We must insist on peace for ourselves. -- King Abdullah of Jordan
Some people without brains do an awful lot of talking, don't they? -- The Wizard of Oz
Some people wouldn't know what subtlety was if it painted itself purple and danced naked on top of a harpsichord singing bad Christmas carols!
Some practical jokes are funny once. Do it once, you're a wit; do it twice you're a half-wit. -- Robert Heinlein
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress. -- Epigrams in Programming (ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982)
Some refer to it as a cultural Chernobyl. I think of it as a cultural Stalingrad. -- JG Ballard on Eurodisney
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Some sort of demon materializing and shredding the hell out of the mosh pit would have fit in perfectly with the whole atmosphere they created and, I should add, easily have made this the Coolest Show In History(TM). -- Adam Rixey
Some stupid bugs have been replaced by newer ones. -- Heiko Eissfeldt in 'The Linux SCSI programming HOWTO'
Some things are better than sex, and some things are worse. But nothing is exactly like it.
Some things have to be believed to be seen.
Some things in life can never be fully appreciated nor understood unless experienced firsthand. Some things in networking can never be fully understood by someone who neither builds commercial networking equipment nor runs an operational network. -- Ross Callon
Some things that cost $5 to buy several years ago now cost $10 just to repair.
Some thought Edgar Allen Poe was a raven lunatic.
Some who are too scrupulous to steal your possessions nevertheless see no wrong in tampering with your thoughts. -- Kahlil Gibran
Some will die in hot pursuit while sifting through my ashes. -- Butthole Surfers
Some women hold up dresses that are so ugly and they always say the same thing: This looks much better on. On what? On fire? -- Rita Rudner
Some young women actually anticipate the wedding night ordeal with curiosity and pleasure! Beware of such an attitude! A selfish and sensual husband can easily take advantage of such a bride. One cardinal rule of marriage should never be forgotten: GIVE LITTLE, GIVE SELDOM AND ABOVE ALL, GIVE GRUDGINGLY. Otherwise, what could have been a proper marriage could become an orgy of sexual lust. -- Rith Smythers (from Instructions And Advice For The Young Bride, 1894)
Somebody comes up to you in a bar and asks them if you are who they think you are, and then you say if you know then I am and if you don't then I'm not. -- Smashing Pumpkins
Somebody got up on the wrong side this morning. -- Riker
Somebody has to do something, and it's just incredibly pathetic that it has to be us. -- Jerry Garcia
Somebody in his family had fought and died in every single American war. -- Forrest Gump
Somebody just came up with a great idea for married people at breakfast: Cellophane newspaper.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Somebody told me how frightening it was how much topsoil we are losing each year, but I told that story around the campfire and nobody got scared. -- Jack Handey
Somebody's had too much to think.
Somebody's playing games with your head again? Did they wash their hands? -- Doug DeJulio
Somebody's terminal is dropping bits. I found a pile of them over in the corner.
Someday those skeptics will be flinging dung at tourists. Then who'll be laughing? (Answer to rhetorical question: everybody but the tourists.) -- Scott Adams
Someday we'll all be gone, but lullabyes go on and on. They never die, that's how you and I will be. -- Billy Joel
Someday we'll discover a dinosaur nest in Arizona and right next to the fossil will be a stone-etched PRIMOS manual. It was probably PRIMOS that caused the dinosaurs to die off in the first place. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Someday we'll find it, the Rainbow Connection, the lovers, the dreamers, and me. -- Kermit the Frog
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car. -- Evan Davis
Someday you'll go far... and I hope you'll stay there.
Somehow I imagined this experience would be more rewarding. -- Calvin
Somehow, I can't see myself doing it for money. -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Somehow, somewhere along the line, this town lost its pride.
Someone close to you is taking advantage of your trust.
Someone else speaks for me, and I can't get a word in edgewise.
Someone in a club tonight has stolen my ideas. -- They Might Be Giants
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is staring at you in personal growth. -- When Harry Met Sally
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
someone just taught him how to jerk off. "i can't believe it's been there all this time and nobody ever said anything about it!!!!" rob was quoted as saying. "now i'll NEVER leave the house." -- Andrew Stellman
Someone once told me I have a mind that's like a bad neighborhood. I shouldn't go in there alone. -- Sharon Stone
Someone said to me, 'Make yourself a sandwich.' Well, if I could make myself a sandwich, I wouldn't make myself a sandwich. I'd make myself a horny, 18-year-old billionaire. -- George Carlin
Someone stole my wife's credit cards last week but I didn't call it in because he is charging less than she did.
Someone who may or may not still be a friend of mine... once wondered whether anyone ever felt like their lives were bad FOX-TV soap operas. I'm inclined to agree with him. However, I should point out that this means nothing, anyway. Everybody feels this way at one time or another. However, I can only _wish_ I got the babes like Dylan McKay. -- Brendan P. McFeely
Someone who thinks logically provides a nice contrast in the real world.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Someone whose passion is to get Windows NT installed properly is, IMHO, much less interesting than one whose passion is to get Windows NT everywhere, which is less interesting than someone whose dream is to turn everyone into a desktop publisher. The bigger the dream you are pursuing, the more fun your life will be, to you and those around you. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Someone will try to honk your nose today.
Something bothers me about a bunch of scrawny kids in $150 oxblood DM's, $150+ Leather jackets, and a ton of expensive jewelry and decorations sitting in doorways begging for change. WAKE UP CALL!!! LOOKING LIKE A FREAK IS A LUXURY! YOU CAN'T ALL WORK AT TOWER!!!!!! -- Brendan Gray
Something else I'd like to do eventually is add the ability to supply the URL for an image you'd like to beat up on when you tire of killing Barney (not that that is likely to happen), then the server would fetch the image and allow you to use the same set of weapons on it. This would let people ''cross-examine'' their thesis advisors, etc. -- Gerald Oskoboiny
Something grabbed ahold of my hand... but that's when all my troubles began. -- They Might Be Giants
Something is rotten in the state of confusion.
Something old, something new, something borrowed, and a lawyer too.
Something relevant to my life, like a clean shirt... -- Gun in Mary Lou's Handbag
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
Something's wrong with my monitor settings. This background looks like an Andy Warhol painting. -- Jeremy Werner
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. -- Sigmund Freud
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar... Hey! Everybody keep your hands above your desks!
Sometimes a guy just likes his skin to look its yellowest. -- Homer Simpson
Sometimes cool bands have to play songs that suck to get chicks. -- Butt-head
Sometimes he's merely trying to get from point A to point B, and my face happens to be at point C, which is any point midway between A and B where my brain lives and spends its time wondering what's so great about A and B that Spike always needs to get to one of them. -- Megan Coughlin
Sometimes I feel like a pelican because everywhere I turn there is this enormous bill on front of me. -- Blackadder III
Sometimes I feel like the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.
Sometimes I get lonely, but it's nice to be alone. -- Tatjana Patitz
Sometimes I get morning wood in the late afternoon. -- Butt-head
Sometimes I get the feeling the whole world is against me. But deep down I know that's not true. Some of the smaller countries are neutral. -- Robert Orben (American Comedy Writer)
Sometimes I get the urge to break into the post office at night and lick all the stamps. Then I would see how long I can stick to the wall by my tongue. -- Scott Adams
Sometimes I give myself the creeps. -- Green Day
Sometimes I guess there aren't enough rocks. -- Forrest Gump
Sometimes I just like to sit on shore next to the pond and stare off across the water. Then after the beer runs out, I like to pee in the weeds and track mud on the living room carpet. -- Lev L. Spiro
Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, "Where have I gone wrong?" Then a voice says to me, "This is going to take more than one night." -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "Peanuts")
Sometimes I park in handicapped spaces, while handicapped people make handicapped faces. -- Denis Leary
Sometimes I really hate myself for being so judgemental. But not today.
Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.
Sometimes I sits and thinks, and sometimes I just sits.
Sometimes I think life is all just a pleasant dream.
Sometimes I think more creativity is put into muffin recipes than into the rest of society combined. -- Seinfeld
sometimes i think that if john lennon hadn't been shot already, i'd do it myself. -- Andrew Stellman
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- Bill Watterson (Calvin)
Sometimes I think we need to kill everyone in control and just set up new standards for society to live by. Then I realize what a ridiculous thought this is, as history has proven. -- Adam Rifkin
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then on the way out, slam the door. -- Jack Handey
Sometimes I think you really don't see how you embarrass people. I'm not sure you understand embarrassment. -- John Dobbin
Sometimes I think, "Wouldn't it be nice if the whole world could just live together in peace?" But then I think, "Well, that really wouldn't be fair to professional wrestlers, would it?" -- Lev Spiro
Sometimes I wake up grouchy. Sometimes I just let him sleep.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let him sleep.
Sometimes I wish I were a lesbian... Did I say that OUT LOUD?? -- Friends
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. -- Lily Tomlin
Sometimes I'm lazy, my nature betrays me. Don't try and change it, you can't even wake me. -- Velocity Girl
Sometimes I'm the pendulum, and sometimes I'm the pit. (Just my take on Edgar Allen poetry.) -- Adam Rifkin
Sometimes it's a little better to travel than to arrive. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Sometimes it's hard to distinguish. And always hard to extinguish. -- the ARs
Sometimes lies were more dependable than the truth. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
Sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand. -- Cool Hand Luke
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sometimes the best way to be useful is to get out of somebody's way.
Sometimes the best way to convince someone he is wrong is to let him have his way. -- Red O'Donnell
Sometimes the Earth trembles; sometimes you can feel it breathe. -- Jean Rhys
Sometimes the noble failure serves the world as faithfully as a distinguished success.
Sometimes the only person you can really trust is a critic. -- Robert DeNiro
Sometimes they just grow, and grow, and grow...
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
Sometimes what a person escapes to is worse than what he escapes from.
Sometimes what you forget doesn't bother you as much as what you remember. -- Yoonja Hwang
Sometimes when I'm driving behind a big cement truck, I think of how the valve on the truck could suddenly open, spilling cement over my car, encasing me inside and leaving me to slowly fall into an oxygen-deprived coma, from which I awaken five years later to find my wife remarried to my best friend. But then I think maybe I'm just being paranoid, because what are the odds of *that* happening again? -- LeMel Hebert-Williams
Sometimes when I'm getting way too deep, I think of the earth as a giant computer (a point alluded to in the Hitchhiker's Guide) set up by some supreme being that will allow for a symphony of sitch permutations to calculate some ultimately important truth about the universe. -- Adam Rifkin
Sometimes when it's raining really really hard outside and I'm inside, I want to find the guy who invented buildings and give him a big kiss. Not a big wet kiss, though, because that would defeat the whole purpose. -- R.M. Weiner
Sometimes you get the elevator and sometimes you get the shaft.
Sometimes you get the elevator, sometimes you get the shaft. -- Cliff Stoll (The Cuckoo's Egg)
Sometimes you have to act like a wus and stuff to get chicks. -- Butt-head
Sometimes you have to be careful when selecting a new name for yourself. For instance, let's say you have chosen the nickname "Fly Head." Normally you would think that "Fly Head" would mean a person who has beautiful swept-back features, as if flying through the air. But think again. Couldn't it also mean "having a head like a fly?" I'm afraid some people might actually think that. -- Jack Handey
Sometimes you just have to do something bad, just to know your alive. -- Northern Exposure
Sometimes you just have to look reality in the eye and deny it. -- Garrison Keillor
Sometimes you need a volcano to light a match. -- Miami Rhapsody
Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the bug. -- Dire Straits
Sometimes, I like to do nothing and then rest afterwards.
Sometimes, I wonder what's going on in that little head of yours. -- Jerry Maguire
Sometimes, I'm not so much fishing for compliments as snorkeling for criticism. -- Drew Olbrich
Sometimes, Rohit, I really wonder about you. Most times, however, I'm sure. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Sometimes, the only way to convince people is by bashing in their heads. -- Bob White (St. Bonaventure University, Dept. of History)
Sometimes, when I'm trying to remember something important like whether my wife told me to get tuna packed in oil or tuna packed in water, Vaughan and Crashaw just pop up in my mind, right there in the supermarket. It's a terrible waste of brain cells. -- Dave Barry
Somewhere in my office, in the vicinity of my desk, there exists a black hole into which all my pens disappear.
Somewhere in the human genome there must be a string of DNA sequences that spell out the phrase, "If you don't understand it, destroy it." -- Mycroft
Somewhere out there, someone is having a day like today. -- DJ Byrne (7/21/87, 3:11 pm, GE Schenectady)
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.
Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose... it's how drunk you get. -- Homer Simpson
Son, you got a panty on yer head. -- Raising Arizona
Sonar techs do it aurally.
SONY - because Caucasians are just too damned tall. -- Crazy People
Soon anyone who's not on the World Wide Web will qualify for a government subsidy for the home-pageless. -- Scott Adams
Soon birds will sing and morning will smile, and shake loose her hair, and open her tiny buttons one by one. -- Sy Safransky (The Sun, January 1994)
Soon I'll have credit cards from every bank in the world. Then I'll do a cash advance on every card, netting billions to form a world-wide lottery prize. And everybody who supports me as supreme ruler of the earth gets one free ticket. -- Dogbert
Soon we'll be away from here. Step on the gas and wipe that tear away. -- The Beatles
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins. Those who have already paid may disregard this.
Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is bound to occur.
SOPHISM SMACKS! Only one distorted statement per spoonful! (Nothing goes better with Sophism Smacks than a hefty helping of Infinitoes.) -- Sam Greenfield
Sorry about that Chief -- Maxwell Smart
Sorry about the hand. -- Jerry Maguire
Sorry about the mess. -- Han Solo
sorry about your computer trauma - this is why i work with people- no one expects them to work correctly. -- Christy Regenhardt
Sorry about your Rectocranial Inversion.
Sorry dude, didn't realise you had the detector. I hate it when they use the old fashioned "pacing" technique. It's just darned sneaky, as opposed to blasting 200W of microwaves all over the place so we can detect them. -- Peter Gross
Sorry for the disaster. And thanks for your patience! -- Chris Thyberg
Sorry if I assaulted any open wounds. -- Adam Rifkin
Sorry if I was a little... rambunctious... -- Adam Rifkin
Sorry to disappoint you, Mrs. Schott, but they're doing the 'Tomahawk chop,' not saluting Hitler. -- Top 5
Sorry, absolutely no paint colors mixed without a note from your wife.
Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
Sorry, computer foul-up
Sorry, I don't date guys with your social security number. -- Scott Adams
Sorry, I don't date outside my species. -- Bumper sticker
Sorry, I forgot all about the Amnesia Conference
Sorry, I'm a bit of a stickler for paperwork. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures? -- Brazil
Sorry, my thing was in there with me. -- Friends
Sorry, no fortune this time.
Sorry, that's "pathet", which is Sanskrit for "really cool way to live." -- Friends
Sorry, the Don never asks for a second favor once he's been refused the first. -- Seinfeld
Sorry, this message contains very few bits for its length. Please apply Huffman's algorithm. -- Robert Harley
Sorry. Nice try.
Sorry.
Sorry... my mind has a few bad sectors.
Sorry... were the voices in my head bothering you?
Souls don't merge like streams do. -- Adam Rifkin
Sounds like a deficiency in proficiency to me. -- Adam Rifkin
Sounds like a helix in the fabric of the cosmos. -- Adam Rifkin
Sounds like sound advice, smells like teen spirit, and tastes like chicken. I'll buy it. -- Adam Rifkin
Sounds noise oriented. Send the highlights please? -- John Dobbin
Sounds to me like Sam needs some reconstructive brain surgery! OK, Prof. Fether, you sedate the patient and I will sedate myself...this should be a fun operation! -- Peter "Dr. Tarr" Bateman
Sounds toasty. We're going Pavilion. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Souninge in mortal vertu was his speche, and gladly wolde he lerne, and gladly teche. -- Geoffrey Chaucer
Soup is the essence of meat.
Source file, n.: One which was appropriated from one of the competitors.
SOUTH DAKOTA: Closer than North Dakota.
Southern California: the Lite Ages. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? [yep/nope]
Soviet Union? That's a code name for Russia. -- Ollie North
Sow a Thought, and you reap an Act; sow an Act, and you reap a Habit; sow a Habit, and you reap a Character; sow a Character, and you reap a Destiny.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night. Then on Sunday pray for crop failure.
Soylent Green is made out of people. -- Charlton Heston
Space Aliens Use Occam to Abduct Elvis and Prove that Minsky Doesn't Know Shit About Turing Machines, Noted Computer Scientist Claims In Fit of Academic Freedom -- William Welch
Space is almost infinite. As a matter of fact we think it is infinite. -- Dan Quayle
Space is an illusion; disk space doubly so.
Space is big. Really big. -- Douglas Adams
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space. -- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Space is bounded by its own curvature, but stupidity extends beyond infinity. -- Severian
Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards. -- Sir Fred Hoyle
Space-age cybernomad.
Spaghetti code means job security.
Spaghetti is straight until it gets all heated up.
Spagnum moss in toes makes you happy. -- Jeannine Busick
Spam for me, with a side of crunchy frog.
Spanking, that's the only thing I want so MUCH! Why is it better than being hugged? Because you get closer to the person! -- Pearl Jam
SPARC has the low work-per-instruction of a simple RISC and Sun adds enough difficult features to achieve the low clock frequency of a traditional CISC implementation. -- Robert Rodgers
Spare the rod and spoil the drag race.
Spare time? You're lookin' at it.
SPARK'S FIRST RULE: Strive to look tremendously important.
Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers: If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as if he had lost his senses. When he looks down, paraphrase the question back at him.
Speak endlessly and carry a small stick. -- Theodore Roosevelt Clinton (In a Washington Post political cartoon on the Balkans)
Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
Speak softly and carry a two-handed sword.
Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman. -- Dave Millman
Speak well of the dead, they've suffered enough.
Speak well of your enemies. Remember, you were the one who made them.
Speaking of flaming assholes: there have been a number of times, most of them experienced while I watched or listened to the news, when I heard about one factional squabble or another, and thought, "These people don't really disagree. They've just been caught up in their own rhetoric. If a neutral party were to step in and explain each side's point of view to the other, they'd see that they have more similarities than differences." I've sometimes fancied myself as that third party: objective, reasonable, tolerant, able to portray each group's goals in terms which the other would understand and find acceptable. ... So it's something of an eye-opener to enter into a discussion of semiotics in personal mail exchanged with Richard Stallman, and realize that, no, the problem is in fact not one of terminology at all: the man's potato has simply been baking too long. -- Dan Martinez
Speaking of Homer, I can't believe they let the Oppelts reproduce. -- Brian Caton
Speaking of Marilyn Manson, there are no spooky kids here. What there are instead are millions of mosquitos. They try to suck your blood, but at least they don't try to do it while going to the Bank wearing capes and fangs and K-RAD plastic pants. -- Kristiina Wilson
Speaking of sucking, I really need to be able to telnet from my Sprint Spectrum. Grrr... -- Richard Bullington
Speaking only for myself, one of my many tricks.
Specialization is for insects. -- John Prevost
Specializing in the obscure since 1974. -- Bryan Coad
Specimen, n.: An Italian astronaut.
Speed bumps are of negligible effect when the vehicle exceeds triple the restraining speed.
Speed costs money. How fast do you want to go? -- John Lingenfelter speaking of drag racing (quoted in a www newsgroup)
Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.
Speedy Gonzales knows every ones seester
Spell chequers dew knot work write.
Spellcasters do it with their rods, staves, and wands.
Spelling is a lossed art.
Spelling is hard because English is a slut of a language. I blame the Norman conquest. -- Andrew Plotkin
Spelling isn't everything. There are some days when spelling Tuesday simply doesn't count. -- AA Milne (Rabbit)
Spend enough time confirming the need and the need will disapear. -- The Beancounter Creed
Spend enough time confirming the need and the need will disappear.
Spend extra time on hobby. Get plenty of rolling papers.
Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you. -- Annie Dillard
Spice is the variety of life.
Spice up your love life....kiss a Klingon today
Spider! He is our hero. Spider! We love you spider. -- They Might Be Giants
Spiderman should be mandatory reading for the papacy. -- John Dobbin
Spiders and snakes are not as fast as you are.
Spiders give me the Creepy Jeebies! -- Thanh Boyer
Spilling your guts out is just as charming as it sounds.
Spin a globe real fast, pick a spot on it with a jab of my index finger, then tell the Joint Chiefs of Staff, "We're goin' in!" -- Top 5
Spinning is an early sign of drug abuse, you know. -- Megan Coughlin
Spinster, n.: A bachelor's wife.
Spinster, n.: An unlusted number.
Spiral my ass. More like freefall. -- John Dobbin
Spiro Agnew is an anagram of Grow a Penis.
Spirtle, n.: The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye. -- Sniglets (Rich Hall &amp; Friends)
Spirtle, sniglet: The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
Spitwads are not free speech. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Split personality? Who, us?
Spock at Xmas: A pencil sharpener for my ears Thanx, Jim
Spock, quick, I smell tribbles
Spock, you are such a putz
Spock/Data 1996: The Logical Choice
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Spoonerism: Having wrubble with your turds.
Spork, sniglet: The half-spoon, half-fork utensil found at fast food places.
Sports Illustrated reports there's a golf course in France that is designed like the body of a naked woman. That should speed up the game. Instead of five hours, guys will be done in like two minutes now. -- Jay Leno
Spotted placing donuts on headstones at a local cemetary, the man explained, "People get hungry." -- Steven Rojo
Spouse, n.: Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
Spring being a tough act to follow, God created June. -- Al Berstein
Spring is nature's way of saying LET'S PARTY!
Spunkanado's rule: "Help nature, kill the stupid." Spunkanado's rule revised: "Help nature kill the stupid."
SQL is the Fortran of data bases. Nobody likes it much, the language is ugly and ad hoc, every data base supports it, and we all use it. -- Levine, Mason &amp; Brown (In "lex &amp; yacc", 2nd edition)
SQL makes one feel like a "traditional" housewife: it does a lot of heavy work for you, and brings home the bacon, but you gotta prepare to get screwed every so often. -- Rob Earhart
Squeeze my Lemon, till the juice runs down my leg...
SQWERTY, n.: Computer keyboard sized down for use by children.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Stable is a very relative term around here... -- Linda Branagan
Staccato signals of constant information, a loose affiliation of millionaires and billionaires and baby... -- Paul Simon
Stages in breaking up: 1. Yelling and chocolate, 2. Replacements, 3. Getting pissed with friends, and 4. Poetry. -- Kate Armstrong
Stagnation, n.: A country of single men.
Stairways Software is now distributing my software. Don't worry, this won't have any noticeable effect on you for the foreseeable future since I own Stairways Software. -- Peter Lewis
Stale works with most major Internet browsers, just not very well, and not at all with AOL. (Nothing works with AOL. Even AOL doesn't work with AOL. Wake up.) -- Stale
Stalinism begins at home. -- Tom Neff
Stamina huff and puff. Bowels regular. -- John Dobbin
Stamp out distemper --- but don't step in it.
Stamp out philately!
Stamp out philately.
Stamp out reality!!
STAND BACK I don't know how big this gets
Stand down from battle stations, and Ensign change your phaser
Stand still while I throw a virtual punch your way. *Uppercut* *jab* *jab* *body blow* *body blow* *jab* *jab* *head shot* -- John Dobbin
Stand up and cheer or next time they're both naked. -- Phoenix Suns
Stand up and face the music, unless it's a song by Vanilla Ice.
Standards are industry's way of codifying obsolescence.
Standards are wonderful: so many from which to choose
Standin' on the corner, in a white godfather hat. He drives a long, black, gangster Cadillac. He can steal a broad's mind, man, in three or four minutes. It's not how long you talk, brother, it's what you put in it. -- Too Short (Shorty the Pimp)
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Standing there making a sitting target of himself.
Star Trek Generations: You're dead, Jim.
Star Trek XXVII - The Search for Shatner's Teeth.
STAR TREK: Deep Space Nine... To boldly stay where no man has stayed before.
Starbucks: the crisp geometries and understated monochromatics of this super-efficient coffee distribution center fairly percolate with the pungent aroma of capitalism. -- Traffic
Stare into the microwave, face to the screen now, come alive to the fat beetle humming 'Deceive the world'. -- The Mekons
Stare into the subliminal for as long as you can. -- They Might Be Giants
Start by putting yourself in your users' shoes. Why are they coming to your site? If you look at most Web sites, you'd presume that the answer is "User is extremely bored and wishes to stare at a blank screen for several minutes while a flashing icon loads, then stare at the flashing icon for a few more minutes." -- Philip Greenspun
Start slow and taper off.
State bird: Raised middle finger. -- Top 5
State Democrats are filing a lawsuit against the Republicans over a campaign donation from a tobacco company. It seeks $125,000 and whatever else they can cough up.
State Farm? Guard dogs?
State of the art, n.: New York.
State of the Union address reduced to three minutes of dung-tossing and chest thumping instead of ninety minutes of dung-tossing and chest thumping. -- Top 5
State your business. Avoid eye contact. Leave quietly, and no one will get hurt. -- University Office Wall
Statisticians are usually working with sample sizes of 27 or 34. Neural nets usually have sizes in the thousands, and you can party with the central limit theorem when you're up there. It's a great place to be. -- David Haussler
Statisticians do it with 95% confidence.
Statistics are human beings with the tear wiped off. -- Paul Brodeur
Statistics are like a bikini. What they reveal is suggestive but what they conceal is vital. -- Aaron Levenstein
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
Statistics are used as a drunk uses lampposts--for support, not illumination.
Statistics is the art of misleading the knowledgeable.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo. -- Art Buchwald
Statistics show that at the age of seventy, there are five women to every man. Isn't that the damnedest time for a guy to get those odds?
STATUS QUO is Latin for the mess we're in.
STAY ALERTTRUST NO ONEKEEP YOUR LASER HANDY
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stay back I have a modem and I know how to use it
Stay tuned for the .22 penetration test results! -- Robert Seastrom
Steal my cash, car and TV... but leave the computer!
Steal the artistic heritage of an oppressed minority, twist it into a grotesque perversion, make millions exploiting your less-than-genius fans, then die on the toilet before your daughter can marry a bizarre freak of pop culture. -- Top 5
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Stealth condoms: she'll never even see you coming...
STEELE'S PHILOSOPHY: Everybody should believe in something. I believe I'll have another drink.
Steep, Deep, Black Diamond Dreams...
Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have snuck in the language.
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
STEINBACH'S GUIDELINE: Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
STENDERUP'S LAW: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
Step one: Pour gin in a glass. Step two: Drink gin. Step three: Repeat 15 times. -- Jeff Magnuson
Stephen King will write your biography.
Sterility is hereditary.
Steve "Shit-Shinola" Bauer. -- Joe Kiniry
Steve Jobs has said that Xwindows is brain-damaged and will disappear in two years. He got it half right. -- Dennis Ritchie
Steve Jobs seen tending bar at the Gates' private lawn party. -- Top 5
Steve Jobs started work today. The silverware looks great, but he doesn't do windows... yet. -- Bill Gates' diary
Stewart's Law of Retroaction: It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
Stick *this* in your pope and smite it! -- Mike Wallace
STICK \'stik\ n. 1: A boomerang that doesn't work.
Stick to your beliefs and your ideals. If not, I'll break your legs. -- Marc Paul Wilson
Stick to your talent and the cows will be well tended.
Stick, n.: A boomerang which will not come back.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me.
Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will break our hearts. -- Robert Fulghum
Still edible, change your shirt. -- Jerry Maguire
Still going Nothing outlasts Data He keeps going and going and...
Still stings these shattered nerves. Pigs, we get what pigs deserve. -- Nine Inch Nails
Still waters run deep. -- Hudsucker Proxy
Still, at least Denise "Starship Troopers" Richards dresses up as Lara Croft for no readily apparent reason... -- Danny O'Brien on The World is Not Enough
still, if you cut through all the bullshit, usually there's something that spawned it, other than an anus -- Colleen McManus
Still, the battle is not over. We have managed to corrupt the academic world, but the commercial world stands firm. They insist on using languages that actually allow the development of large, complex programs. Until we convince the Western Imperialist Capitalist Industrialists to use ML, our victory will not be complete! -- Robert Rodgers
Still, there are some things a big company can do that a small band of programmers could never hope to accomplish. This was best shown to me this week by reader Brian P. McLean, who points out that according to his Microsoft Outlook 97 scheduling/datebook application, Thanksgiving falls this year on Wednesday, November 26. Thanksgiving has always fallen on Thursday before. Wednesday may be an improvement. I don't know. -- Robert X. Cringely ('I, Cringely' 11/7/97)
Stimpy, your wealth of ignorance astounds me. -- Ren Hoek
Stir it with your thumb, man. Lumberjack latte. -- Mack Rhinelander
STITZER'S VACATION PRINCIPLE: Take half as much clothing &amp; twice as much money.
Stock up and save. Limit: one.
Stoic, n.: De boid what brings de babies.
Stomp your foot twice if you're following any of this at all. -- Scott Adams
Stone Temple Pilots are elegant bachelors; They're foxy to me are they foxy to you? -- Pavement
Stone thrown in river. A realization ripples. So it means nothing. -- Ann Marie Clark
Stop air pollution --- quit breathing.
Stop being so... testosterony... -- Friends
Stop day dreaming about success. Go out and obtain it.
Stop flirting with the plants.
Stop me before I subreference again. -- Dennis Miller
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.
Stop searching. Happiness is right next to you. Now, if they'd only take a bath ...
Stop searching. Happiness is right next to you. Now, if they'd only take a bath...
Stop searching. Happiness is right next to you.
Stop skunking up the place, you olfactory smoke stack! -- Adam Rifkin
Stop smirking Number One.
Stop tagline theft Copyright your tagline (c)
STOP THE PRESSES! (I always wanted to say that)
Stop the world, I wanna see if it can be done.
Stop the world... Nixon wants to get back on! -- David Fisher
Stop what you're doing and TAKE A SHOWER
Stop your job, look at the insensitive man. That's what they're paying you for. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
Stop! Stop in the name of all that does not suck! -- Butt-head
Stoptional, adj.: Slowing down at stop signs without stopping.
Straightforward, n.: Basketball player not on coke.
Strange as it may seem, my life is based on a true story. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Strange to find the calendar my enemy and scared that when I die so will the things I think about. -- Toad the Wet Sprocket
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government -- Monty Python
Strangely enough, this is the past that somebody in the future is longing to go back to. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Strangely, Data finds himself relating to heavy metal.
Stranger in a strange country. -- Sophocles (406 BC)
Strano's Law: When everything else doesn't work, try the boss's idea.
Streakers repent Your end is in sight.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from indomitable will. -- Jawharlal Nehru
Stress, n.: The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's basic desire to choke the absolute living crap out of some arsehole who really deserves it.
Stress- n. Doing a tight 180-dregree U-turn at Warp 9.5.
Strictly Ballroom is a quality I look for when purchasing pants. -- Adam Rifkin
Strike any user when ready.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Strike, n.: An effort to increase egg production by strangling the chicken.
STRING space corrupt? But I always use TAPE
Strip mining prevents forest fires.
Striptease is the second movie this summer to feature Demi Moore as an exotic dancer pursued by an obsessed, powerful politician. Her first was as the voice of the gypsy Esmerelda in the Disney cartoon The Hunchback of Notre Dame. The difference between the two, of course, is that the cartoon featured a more mature, coherent handling of that theme.
Strong reasons make strong actions. -- Shakespeare
Strong typing is for feebs with weak memories.
Structured Programming - a technique which creates beautiful looking code which doesn't work.
Structured Programming supports the law of the excluded muddle.
Stubbornness does have its helpful features. You always know what you are going to be thinking tomorrow. -- Glen Beaman
STUDENT'S LAW: Every instructor assumes you have nothing to do but study for his course.
Studies in Contemporary State-Sponsored Terrorism... also known as gym class. -- Calvin
Studies show 80 percent of all Americans know about home computers. That's higher than the percentage of Americans who know about sex.
Study art and logic -- learn to draw your own conclusions.
Study widely. Question thoroughly. Deliberate carefully. Analyze clearly. Act conscientiously. -- the sage kings Yao and Shun as described by Yamazaki Ansai
Stult's Report: Our problems are mostly behind us. What we have to do now is fight the solutions.
Stupid is a boundless concept.
Stupid is as stupid does. Fuck off Forrest. -- Bruce Sherrod
Stupid is as stupid does. -- Forrest Gump
Stupid people shop at Wal Mart, she shops at Wal Mart, therefore... -- John Dobbin
Stupid question: Did Adam and Eve have belly-buttons?
Stupid question: Do fish get thirsty?
Stupid question: Do vampires get AIDS?
Stupid question: Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Stupid question: Does killing time damage eternity?
Stupid question: Does the Enterprise use DOS v 2356.0?
Stupid question: Don't the Peanuts kids, Simpsons, Beavis, and Butt-head EVER get older?
Stupid question: How do you write zero in Roman numerals?
Stupid question: How many people actually had a security blanket as children? And where is it now?
Stupid question: If 0/N=0, N/N=1 and N/0 is undefined, then what is 0/0?
Stupid question: What ever happened to "This is a test, this is only a test." followed by an annoying five minute high beep?
Stupid question: What ever happened to the energy crisis?
Stupid question: Why don't my wrinkle free pants stay wrinkle free?
Stupid question: Why don't people look or talk to each other on buses and subways?
Stupid question: Why is the televised news DEATH, DEATH, DEATH, SPORTS, DEATH, DEATH, DEATH, Weather, DEATH, DEATH, Cute little story involving kittens?
Stupid road sign: FINE FOR LITTERING.
stupid yuppies and computer nerds who make too much money are willing to pay a lot of money to live someplace where the espresso bars outnumber the poor people. -- Andrew Stellman
Stupid, adj.: One who fails the Turing Test.
Stupid, n.: Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.
Stupid: Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.
Stupidity cannot be cured. Stupidity is the only universal capital crime; the sentence is death. There is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity. -- Robert Heinlein
Stupidity got us into this mess... why can't it get us out?
STUPIDITY is NOT a HANDICAP Park elsewhere
Stupidity is not an impeachable offense.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward. -- Bill Davidsen
Stupidity: Quitters never win, and winners never quit, but those who never win and never quit are idiots. -- www.despair.com
Sturgeon's Law: Ninety percent of everything is crud.
Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
Style over substance. -- Cyberpunk motto
Style, baby. I know that I'll show up at my sister's place bedraggled and cranky. If I start out in my normal persona I won't have accomplished anything, but I figure that if I start out all spiffy and happy then I'll demonstrate entropy and my trip will be art. -- Greg Plesur
Style, style is important, since there's really no content. -- Bruce Sherrod
Style. Beauty. Grace. That's what matters. If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. -- Terry Pratchett (Lords and Ladies)
Subliminal kitty messages? "You are getting very sleepy" is not a command when said to a cat; it is an eternal truth. -- Ari Rapkin
Subliminal, n.: Send me money. You are feeling very generous. Send me money.
Submariners dive deeper and stay longer.
Submit in haste, repent in leisure.
Submitted for your approval...
Subroutine, n.: U-boat drill.
Subscribe to new group alt.sex.senator-exon (y/n/q) [y]?
Substitute "damn" every time you're inclined to write "very"; your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be. -- Mark Twain
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
Suburban Husband, n.: A gardener with sex privileges.
Suburban life ain't what it seems. Suburban life the American dream. Suburban life so pretty and great. Suburban life ain't what it seems. -- Kotton Mouth Kings
Subvert the dominant paradigm!
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Success consists of getting up one more time than you fall. -- Jerry Maguire
Success is a great deodorant. -- Elizabeth Taylor
Success is a journey, not a destination. -- Ben Sweetland
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get. -- W.P. Kinsella
Success is never final. -- Winston Churchill
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Success is the sweetest form of revenge.
Success lies in achieving the top of the foodchain.
Success? Don't you know it is all about being able to extend love to people? Really. Not in a big, capital-letter sense but in the everyday. Little by little, task by task, gesture by gesture, word by word. -- Ralph Fiennes (Parade 3/9/97)
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Successful crimes alone are justified. -- John Dryden (The Medall)
Succumb to natural tendencies. Be hateful and boring.
Such a categorization gives the appearance of capturing reality, whereas the surface has not even been scratched by such a statement. It could be compared to saying "5 is a prime number". There is so much more - an infinity of facts - that has been omitted. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Such compressed poems/ with seventeen syllables/ can't have much meaning. -- Douglas Hofstadter
Such grudges. Give us a kiss, Worf. -- Q
Such is the power of relationship marketing: I spent $100 at Tower today on Adam's recommendations (well, some of them). -- Rohit Khare
Such... accidents... are very common in our family. -- Prince Thrakhath (Wing Commander II)
suck message order out of. to read frustrating makes messages. -- Scott Berkun
Sudden prayers make God jump.
Suddenly things are going better than I ever expected.
Suddenly, a familiar song... then, you're off your chair, in one exquisite movement... wondering, searching, sniffing the wind like a deviled deer. Has God heard your little prayer? Will Cindarella dance again? And then, suddenly, the crowds part. And there he is. Sleek, stylish... *radiant* with charisma. But only... he's on the telephone. But then, so are you. And he comes toward... the moves of a jungle cat... and though you quite correctly sense that he is... gay... like most devastatingly handsome single men of his age are, you think, "What the hell? Life goes on." And maybe there won't be marriage. Maybe there won't be sex. But by God, there will be dancing. -- George Downes (My Best Friends Wedding)
Suddenly, I'm unable to shake visions of Stormtroopers in bell-bottomed combat armor, Imperial Officers wearing big, ugly gold medallions, Grand Moff Tarkin ordering the obliteration of planets from his hot tub, and the Death Star as a moon-sized disco globe from my mind. And it's not even 9:00. Gad. -- Dan Martinez
Suffering Sacatash -- Sylvester the Cat (Loony toons)
Sugar substitute... dandruff... for milk, saliva... for coffee, mud... -- Blackadder IV
Sugar's bad for you. Hitler ate sugar. -- John Dobbin
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake!
Suicide gave Heather depth, Kurt a soul, Ram a brain. -- Heathers
Suicide Hotline... please hold.
Suicide is not a viable alternative. No matter what situation you have been placed in that is making you unhappy, it can be traced to an individual or group. This person or group must be destroyed.
Suicide is not abominable because God forbids it. God forbids it because it is abominable. -- Immanuel Kant
Suicide is the most sincere form of self criticism.
Suicide? Actually that would be really ironically funny, because my roommate's best friend committed suicide this summer, and if I waxed myself he'd just flip.
Summer afternoon, summer afternoon... to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language. -- Henry James
Summer has filled her veins with light and her heart is washed with noon. -- C. Day Lewis
Summer is ready when you are. -- the Breeders
Summer makes me drowsy, Autumn makes me sing, Winter's pretty lousy, but I hate Spring. -- Dorothy Parker (The New Yorker, 3/24/1928)
Summertime, n.: The season where there's nothing much on television OR on the girls at the beach.
Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings. The expectations are always high, and the results are usually disappointing. -- Robert Orben
Sumo wrestlers shave their legs so they do not get mistaken for lesbians.
Sumo Wrestling, n.: Survival of the fattest.
Sun Bathing, n.: A fry in the ointment.
Sun Microsystems. A Step Ahead of Your Cows. -- John Byrnes
Sun-tzu: If your enemy is superior, evade him. If angry, iritate. If equally matched, fight, and if not split and reevaluate. -- Wall Street
Sun's latest JavaStation will be equipped with an accessory from Citrix Systems that allows users to run Windows applications. What is the world coming to?! Its senses, maybe. -- Upside
Sunday: A day given over by Americans to wishing they were dead and in heaven, and that their neighbors were dead and in hell. -- H.L. Mencken
Sunlight's so oppressive now. You can't just go to the lake. It's like premeditated fun. -- Slacker
Super Touring? What's that? I always have a bit of a problem with that name. You mean Hertz? -- Bernie Ecclestone
Super-cali-fragil-istic-expi-ali-psycho.
SuperCaaaaar! SuperCaaaaar! -- MST3K
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocius, even though the sound of it is really quite atrocious.
Supercalihallitosis... wow, that outfit's fabulocious! -- B 52's
Supercompetence is more objectionable than incompetence.
Supercomputer, n.: Turns CPU-bound problem into I/O-bound problem. -- Ken Batcher
Supercomputers are not about FLOPs, despite the press releases. They are about bandwidth. If you don't have a high bandwidth interconnect fabric, the problems you can solve are limited to "embarassingly parallel" problems like rendering animations or cracking DES. You can't do finite element analysis on thousands of Pentiums over the Internet. -- Martin Frankel
Superman gets into Clark Kent's pants every morning.
Superman gets into the pants of Clark Kent every morning.
Supernovae are a blast.
Superstition is foolish, childish, primitive and irrational -- but how much does it cost you to knock on wood? -- Judith Viorst
Support bacteria. It's the only culture some people have.
Support free enterprise --- legalize prostitution.
Support Mental Health. Or I'll kill you.
Support national motherhood week - make one today
Support the new movement. Down with brassieres!
Support the rich.
Support wild life. Vote for an orgy!
Support wildlife --- vote for an orgy.
Support wildlife, throw a party.
Support your local church. Worship at Bank of America.
Support your local medical examiner. Die strangely. -- Nikki Gustas
Support your local police department. Beat yourself up.
Support your local police force --- steal!!
Support your right to arm bears.
Supporting Windows is like buying a puppy. The dog only cost $100, but we spent another $500 cleaning the carpet. -- Marc Dodge (Open Computing Dec 94)
Suppose it's Monday and the ironworkers have been out drinking all weekend and the building is sort of leaning this way... you have to account for these small imperfections with your structural system. -- unknown Materials & Assembly professor
Supreme Court justices last week ruled for endangered species, then for the Klan and against minority voters. That's one step forward, and 200 years back.
Supreme Court Pizza: It comes with nine toppings, but they can't guarantee what side they'll be on. -- Bob Thaves (Frank & Ernest)
Supreme court says local police don't have to enforce the background check provision of Brady bill. Wow, lotsa porn, lotsa guns! -- Tim Byars
Supreme executive power is derived from a mandate from masses, not by some farcical aquatic ceremony! -- Monty Python
suprisingly good: microsofts knowledge base search engine. suprisingly bad: NT's solution to dealing with CGI. not suprising: i would kill for a good UNIX box right now. -- Chris Heiser
Sure - long as it's entertaining and cheap. On that note - I suspect I'll spend the evening coding with kate. -- Mike Wallace
Sure 90% of software is crap. That's because 90% of everything is crap. -- Mary Shaw
Sure as I was borne in Ireland, I was weaned on whiskey but raised on gin. -- Rugburns
Sure dude, I'll be a dining philosopher. But I should warn you, if I get hungry, I'll just eat with my hands if I can't find a fork. -- Magnus Hedlund
Sure enough, that's Zeno, a mile away. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Sure he's sharp as a razor... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!
Sure the puppy comes with papers. How many bundles would you like?
Sure thing, man, I used to be a laboratory myself once. -- Keith Richards
Sure, drinking kills brain cells, but only the weak ones.
Sure, I have a lust for life, but I'm not really ready to make a commitment. -- Ted Metzler
Sure, I'll crack. Soon as I finish nn. -- Rohit Khare
Sure, it's going to kill a lot of people, but they may be dying of something else anyway. -- Othal Brand (member of a Texas pesticide review board, on the pesticide chlordane)
sure, kid... the pool's on the third floor.
Sure, Patrick, but will the Pontiac do warp nine?
Sure, we can raise money! We can raise your Activities Fee. -- Josh Knauer
Sure, we just route the main sensor through Data's cat.
Sure, you can deal. But can you shuffle? -- Cindy Parker
Sure. Go ahead. That's the point of the Web. Link your socks off. -- Bob Allison
Surely nothing can be THAT funny. -- George Melly on being told by Mick Jagger that his wrinkles were laughter lines
Surely the most powerful stroke for software productivity, reliability, and simplicity has been the progressive use of high-level languages for programming. -- Fred Brooks (No Silver Bullet)
Surely the strong and noble residents of Willow Glenn are down to earth types. They are people of the soil. They know about nature and toil. These people are not going to be antsy, panicky, afraid-of-a-leetle-leezard types. If the lizard has them scared, it must be because it is mightier than their SUVs and meaner than the many Lexus vehicles they have arrayed in their defense. -- Robert Rodgers
Surely we are searching for some flavor of truth here, not just engaging in idle rhetoric. We are 'techers after all. Sensitivity or lack thereof does not change facts. Your ad hominem attack does not advance our debate one iota. -- Robert Harley
Surf Nicaragua
Surly grammarians insist that all words ending in ly are adverbs.
Surprise due today. Also the rent.
Surprise You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S. Audit Just type in your name and social security number. Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law: Name #
Surprise your boss. Get to work on time.
Survival of the species is everyone's business.
Susie Maroney became the first woman to swim from Cuba to Florida. Well, it was either swim or fly Valuejet.
Suspicion breeds confidence. -- Brazil
Swab the poop deck, raise the mizzenmast -- Picard
Swanney taught us to adore and respect the national health service. For it was the source of much of our gear. We stole drugs. We stole prescriptions or bought them, sold them, swapped them, forged them, photocopied them. Or traded drugs with cancer victims, alcoholics, old-age pensioners, AIDS patients, epileptics, and bored housewives. -- Trainspotting
Swap read error. You lose your mind.
Swapping out souls on HomoSapiens 6162. Oh hell, you already know where this is going. -- Joe Barrera
Sweater, n.: A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.
Sweep first before your own door, before you sweep the doorsteps of your neighbors. -- Swedish Saying
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
Sweet are the uses of adversity which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, wears yet a precious jewel in his head. -- William Shakespeare
Sweetmeats are candies while sweetbreads, which aren't sweet, are meat.
Sweetness is a trait men develop to strip women of their clothing. -- John Dobbin
SWF ISO stable, employed kermit binary for solaris 7. if you've got the interface, i've got the router, if you catch my drift. -- Kate Cronin
Swimmers do it in the water.
Swimmers do it with the coach timing.
Swipple's Rule of Order: He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
Swish, two, three, four! Swish, two, three, four!
Switch, n.: When management changes its mind.
SWM25, snuff fetishist, seeking SWF18-25 for short term relationship. -- Brad Barkett
Swordmanship 101: It's easy. Just hold the dull end and hit him with the sharp end.
Sylvester Stallone said it was immaturity that caused him to bounce from one supermodel to the next. I think the real reason was - because he could. -- Jay Leno
Sylvester Stallone, n.: Father of the RISC concept.
Symbolic links is the Unix way of saying: Get Lost. -- Esther Filderman
Sympathy, n.: What one woman offers another in exchange for the details.
Syncretism, n.: 1. Reconciliation or fusion of differing systems of belief, as in philosophy or religion, especially when success is partial or the result is heterogeneous. 2. Linguistics The merging of two or more originally different inflectional forms.
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semi-colons;
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon. -- Alan Perlis (ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982)
Syntax is all the money collected at the church from sinners.
Syntax? Why not, they tax everything else
SYNTAX? Why not--they tax everything else!
SYSOP: The guy laughing at your typing.
Sysoping: More fun than being beaten with a sledgehammer
System checkpoint complete.
System Crash. (A)bort (R)etry (T)hrowup?
SYSTEM ERROR: press F13 to continue...
System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.
System going down at 5 pm to install scheduler bug.
System maintenance about to begin.
System restarting, wait.
System/3 System/3 See how it runs See how it runs Its monitor loses so totally It runs all its programs in RPG It's made by our favorite monopoly System/3 (To the tune of 3 blind mice)
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult. -- R. S. Barton
T minus 56.5 and counting to "eccentric millionare" status. -- Sam Kass
T'greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves. -- Sophocles
Taco Bell is not a Mexican telephone company.
Taco Bell... Walk, do not run, for the border. -- Nathan Loofborrow
Taco Bell: Food cheaper than gum. -- Carrie Vestal
Tact is knowing how far to go too far.
Tact is making a point without making an enemy.
Tact is rubbing out another's mistake instead of rubbing it in.
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves. -- Abraham Lincoln
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Tact is the art of telling people to go to hell and at the same time making them glad they're going.
Tact is the unsaid part of what you're thinking.
Tact, n.: The unsaid part of what you're thinking.
Tactical? TACTICAL!?!? Hey, buddy, we went from kilotons to megatons several minutes ago. We don't need no stinkin' tactical nukes. (By the way, do you have change for 10 million people?) -- Larry Wall
Tagline error. Contact your systems programmer.
Tagline explodes, destroys BBS. Film at 11
Tagline frequencies are Open....
Tagline Lotto: 2222222222<- Scratch here for prize.
Tagline theft is a compliment.
Tagline wanted. Apply within ====================>
Taglines are irrelevant. You will be assimilated
Taglines. The bumperstickers of BBS'ing.
Taglines...the electronic bumper sticker...
tagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagtagthistaglineproducedbypkzip
Take a bite out of crime .. Abolish the IRS
Take a bottle, drink it down, pass it around... -- Pearl Jam
Take a cannibal to lunch.
Take a chill lesson. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Take a corn dog: composed of hideous pork and beef slabs, corn meal, and deep fried cow lard, but when assembled, beauty incarnate. -- Baked Potatoes
Take a look around. Enlightenment can be found in the damnedest places.
Take a press release, site, speech, what have you, that touts XML as the best thing since sliced cheese. Every time you see the "XML" replace it with "text-based structured file format". Now test to see if the result sounds like utter bull or not. Or, if it sounds even more bogus than it did at first. -- Adam Vandenberg
Take a quiet walk, now and again, with the real you, who lives beneath all the everyday distractions. Find strength, courage and insight in the beautiful person you are.
Take advantage of the confusion.
Take advantage of the pleasurable opportunities that come your way.
Take along a candle, which you insert and light after you've opened the bottle. No one ever expects anything drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.
TAKE AMERICA BACK! We want a refund.
Take an astronaut to launch.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. -- George S. Patton
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take everything in stride. Trample anyone who gets in your way. -- Malcolm Herbert
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese. -- National Lampoon (Deteriorata)
Take it easy, don't let the sound of your own wheels make you crazy. -- Eagles
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Take it easy. But take it. -- Woody Guthrie
Take it from me, Pol Pot. You might remember me from such documentaries as 'The Killing Fields' and the travelguide, 'A Trip to Skull Mountain'.... -- Robert Rodgers
Take long walks in stormy weather or through deep snow in the fields and woods, if you would keep your spirits up. Deal with brute nature. Be cold and hungry and weary. -- Henry David Thoreau
Take me back to LA, where I can see the air I breathe. -- Ronald Reagan
Take me some place where the caffeine is thick. -- Rohit Khare
Take me to the ocean and leave me there, leave me all alone with the sun and the air. -- Juliana Hatfield
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
Take my innocence, take my pride, but for God's sake, don't take all my chocolate!
Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man, but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool. -- Kipling
Take my Worf... please. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Take no friends and leave no enemies.
Take off your engineering hat and put on your management hat. -- Thiokol management (1/27/86)
Take the best that exists and make it better. If it doesn't exist, create it. -- Henry Royce
Take the blue pill: you aren't the One. -- Graeme Devine
Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixed metaphors.
Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors.
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week. -- Will Rogers
Take The Knack (of My Sharona fame), mash 'em up, throw in a distortion pedal and a few hits of speed. Incubate for fourteen years. The result? Green Day! -- T.J. Doran
Take the L out of the world and all you have is a word. -- Pavement
Take the red line north. DONT GO SOUTH. SOUTH IS BAD. -- Ian Konen explains the finer points of Chicago travel
Take the skin and peel it back. Now doesn't it make you feel better? -- Nine Inch Nails
Take the time to learn to hate! Come and join the mass debate! -- silverchair
Take this card. Call if you have danger or boredom. Do NOT call the zip code. -- The Flaming Carrot
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. -- Andrew Jackson
Take time to develop your personality.
Take time to travel; your troubles will unravel.
Take two aspirin and call the consultant.
Take two crows and caw me in the morning.
Take up smoking. Jaywalk. Play with blasting caps. Swim right after a big meal. Stick something small in your ear. Take your choice of dangerous activity, and do it with gusto. Future generations will thank you. -- Lawrence A. Bullis
Take what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by. -- Ken Kesey
Take your dying with some seriousness, however. Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms, and they'll call you crazy. -- Messiah's Handbook (Reminders for the Advanced Soul)
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -- Erica Jong
Take your syntax and shove it where the synapses don't click. -- John Dobbin
Take your time, think a lot. Think of everything you've got. For you will still be here tomorrow, but your dreams may not. -- Cat Stevens (Father and Son)
Take your time. Hurry up. The choice is yours. Don't be late. -- Nirvana
Take your work seriously but yourself lightly. -- C.W. Metcalf
Take-home life lesson: having one can be very hazardous to your health, and fatal for your checkbook. Candace Bushnell gets bonus points for being described onthe book jacket as "Joan Didionesque." -- Rohit Khare
Taking reservations for eternity: Smoking or Non-smoking?
Taking the bull by the horns is often a sound course of action... as long as you and the bull agree on when you can let go. -- Robert Fuoss
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.
Talk is cheap. Using a modem gets expensive.
Talk of revolution is one of avoiding reality. -- J.K. Galbraith
Talk radio is a carnival... an amusement show. Fancy parades as fact. Uninformed opinion is championed as thoughtful commentary. Groundless innuendo gets the same respect as investigative journalism. Hate is heralded as a valid response to problems. -- Peter Laufer
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish. -- Euripides
Talkers are no good doers. -- William Shakespeare (Henry VI)
Talking about 200 dead monkeys. You just have no taste. -- John Dobbin
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture. -- Laurie Anderson
Talking and eloquence are not the same. -- Ben Jonson
Talking and saying nothing is an art I have not mastered. -- Jerry Maguire
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Talking to someone's answering machine is not a very satisfying work break. -- Berna Massingill
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
Tally me banana. Daylight come and me wanna go home. -- Day O
Tampa is not the best thing in the world - but it's next to the best thing.
Tampered with ROAD CLOSED sign: TOAD CLOSET
Tampons $1 a dozen! No strings attached!
Tandem Computers are amazingly fault-tolerant... they let me work here. -- Maddi Hausmann
TANSTAAFL. There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch. -- Robert Heinlein (and later Milton Friedman)
Tanstaafl.
Tanya Harding called herself 'the Charles Barkley of figure skating'. I thought about suing her for defamation of character, but then I realized I had no character. -- Charles Barkley
Tape Nazis. everyone has a friend that, upon entering your car, takes it upon himself to provide the music for the duration of the journey. this makes a person a Tape Nazi. Tape Nazi's bastard cousin is the CD Nazi. This type of person is also known to utter statements like, "what is this crap? some of your damn creepy music?" some have been known to fondle the treble/bass buttons when the driver is not looking, or even hit the hazard lights. -- Jenni Miller
Tar is not a plaything. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Tarantino also has a disturbing tendency to objectify things he doesn't understand (in less kind terms, that's called sexism and racism). -- Mr. Cranky
Tat tuam asi. Thou art that. -- Assorted eastern philosophers
Tater Tots, a case of Bud, and Olympic Synchronized Swimming! -- Top 5
Tattva, acintya bheda bheda Tattva (4x). Like the flower in the scent of summer, like the sun and the shine, well the truth may come in strange disguises, send the message to your mind. -- Kula Shaker
Taunting death is only fun until you lose. -- Andrew Potratz
Taunting someone for using Andrew is like laughing at a slave because he has lash marks on his back: in bad taste. -- Robert Firth
TAURUS (Apr 20 - May 20) You are practical and persistent. You have a dogged determination and work like hell. Most people think you are stubborn and bull headed. You are a Communist.
Taurus Excretum Ad Infinitum....
Tax cuts don't help those without an income.
Tax reform means: Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree. -- Russell Long
Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself out of the market.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
Taxes are not raised for the benefit of the taxed. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Taxes are what we pay for civilized society. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Taxes, n.: Of life's two certainties, the only one for which you can get an extension.
Taxi service and suicide hotline. I smell start-up! Good thing y'all have two cars now... -- Megan Coughlin
Taxonomy? Isn't that the study of Bill Clinton's economic plan? -- Rohit Khare
Taxpayers don't have to take a civil service exam to work for the government.
Taxpayers, n.: People who don't have to pass a civil servants exam in order to work for the government.
TCFA. Too cool for acronyms. For you acronymphomaniacs. -- Kate Clinton
tcl me elmo -- QJ
TCP is more exciting than UDP, and the way you know that is by the size of the header. -- a CMU computer science professor
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when he grows up, he will never be able to edge his car onto a freeway.
Teach them quick, before they think.
Teacher is not a leper. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
Teachers affect eternity; they can never tell where their influence stops. -- Henry Adams
Teachers do it repeatedly.
Teachers have class.
Teachers make you do it over and over again till you get it right.
Teamwork is essential during battle - It gives the enemy plenty of targets to shoot at.
Teamwork is essential. It allows you to blame someone else.
Teamwork is essential. It allows you to put the blame on someone else. -- Finagle (Eighth Rule)
Teamwork is essential. It gives them someone else to shoot at.
Teamwork is essential. It gives you someone else to blame.
Tease, n.: A girl who is always thinking of a man's happiness... and how to prevent it.
Tech Writing rule #1: when documentation approaches conjugation, flee. -- Aleecia McDonald
Technically it is a proper usage. The least common, most worthless usage, but still acceptable. -- Scott Potter
Technically sound, but socially impossible.
Technically, Ozzy is the guy your parents' parents warned them about. -- Andrew Stellman
Techno Pagan.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. -- Aldous Huxley
Technology doesn't kill people. My mighty Fist of Wrath kills people. -- Greg Plesur
Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesn't have to experience it. -- Max Frisch
Technology is dominated by two types of people: those who understand what they do not manage, and those who manage what they do not understand.
Technology is dominated by two types of people: Those who understand what they do not manage. Those who manage what they do not understand. -- Putt (Putt's Law)
Technology is so helpful and powerful... until someone trips over the electrical cord. -- Travis Collins
Technology is useless without art. -- Sam Greenfield
Technology makes it possible to have our appendices out when they get infected, so that we are able to live long enough to get our heads out of our asses and learn about the world. -- Neal Stephenson
Technology will definitely solve all our problems, but in the process it will create brand-new ones. But that's OK because the most you can expect from life is to get to solve better and better problems. -- Scott Adams
Technosis, n.: Becoming so immersed in technology that you risk losing your own identity. -- Michelle Weil and Larry Rosen (Technostress)
Ted Kennedy's Bumper Sticker: My other car is underwater.
Ted Turner is contemplating the inscription for his tombstone. He has narrowed it down to 1. You can't interview me here. 2. It was bound to happen sooner or later. 3. I have nothing more to say. 4. At last, I finished something.
Teenage angst has paid off well. Now I'm bored and old. -- Nirvana
Teenagers are God's punishment for enjoying sex. -- Murphy Brown
teG I sdrawkcaB eroM ehT oG I sdrawroF eroM ehT
Telecrastination, sniglet: The act of always letting the phone ring at least twice before you pick it up, even when you're only six inches away.
Television gives me nothing to do when I'm not doing anything.
Television has made a semicircle out of the family circle.
Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -- T.S. Eliot
Television is a medium, so called because it is neither rare nor well done. -- Ernie Kovacs
Television is a wonderful medium. Imagine meeting millions of people who can't reach you.
Television is chewing gum for the eyes. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Television is democracy at its ugliest.
Television is the first truly democratic culture --- the first culture available to everybody and entirely governed by what the people want. The most terrifying thing is what the people do want. -- Clive Barnes
Television is to news as bumperstickers are to philosophy. -- Richard M. Nixon
Tell a man that there are 300 billion stars in the universe, and he'll believe you...Tell him that a bench has wet paint upon it, and he'll have to touch it to be sure.
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he will believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it.
Tell Chuck I sent you and that the two of you should sell Shemp to Eamon Dolan at the HarperEdge (What Will Be) imprint at HarperCollins. Chuck will understand this instantly, but he'll make you rewrite the proposal because you don't know what you are doing. -- Mark Stephens
Tell everyone I'm crazy? Beauty idea. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Tell her how much you love her? Plus you've gotta have some time for foreplay. -- John Dobbin
Tell me about it. Who pissed on your pop tart? -- John Dobbin
Tell me all your thoughts on God, 'cause I'd really like to meet her. Tell me, am I very far? -- Dishwalla
Tell me more about these habits. -- Beverly
Tell me the words I might have ate. -- Green Day
Tell me whom you love and I will tell you what you are. -- Arsene Houssage
Tell me you are close to death!
Tell me, future boy, who's President of the United States in 1985? -- Back to the Future
Tell me, have you ever visited the planet earth? -- Blackadder IV
Tell me, when you fell down here from heaven, did it hurt?
Tell that fat lady that gravy is not a beverage.
Tell the order taker a rival pizza place is on the other line and you're going with the lowest bidder.
Tell the truth and run. -- Yugoslav proverb
Tell them to double-check to make sure your pizza is, in fact, dead.
Tell them to put the crust on top this time.
Tell you a secret baby, maybe you can't do better, gotta settle for second best. -- The Judybats
Temper is what gets most of us into trouble. Pride is what keeps us there.
Temporary suspension of disbelief is a wonderful thing.
Ten dervishes can sleep under one blanket, but two kings can not find room in one empire.
Ten thousand people in this damn school and I get a stupid fat Greek with poor taste in music who lives across the hall and thinks he's a headbanger.
Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing. -- R. Geis
TENNESSEE: The Educashun State.
Tennis is irrelevant. -- Bjorn Borg
Tennis players have fuzzy yellow balls.
Terminal Emulation - lying stiffly on your back, with your hands folded across your chest.
Terminal Wanderlust, n.: A condition common to people of transient middle-class upbringings. Unable to feel rooted in any one environment, the move continually in hopes of finding an idealized sense of community in the next location. -- Douglas Coupland
Terminate the call with, "Remember, we never had this conversation."
Termination avoidance? Maybe deadlock avoidance? Termination avoidance is what we do in graduate school... -- Paul Sivilotti
Terminator bumpersticker: I TIME TRAVEL NAKED.
Terminator Spaghetti: pasta la vista, baby.
Terrapin software: The turtle stops here. Faster than a speeding turtle. -- Ernie Prabhakar
Terry Kieser's Turbo/Supercharged Nitrous injected ZX-11 weighs about 580lbs and at last year's horsepower shootout put out 456hp. Pulled 210mph at the UFO shoot out. The test rider said that hiting the Nitrous at 170mph caused massive wheelspin. Build a bigger penis and the world will beat a path to your door. -- Mark Denovich
Test everything: retain what is good. (1 Thessalonians 5:21)
Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.
Tested to 2500 PSI. Man, you gotta feel sorry for the woman on the receiving end of that.
Testes, testes, one, two, three... huh huh... Score one for the Secret Cervix. -- Butt-head
TeX has found at least one bug in every Pascal compiler it's been run on, I think, and at least two in every C compiler. -- Donald Knuth
TeX is cool. I mean, if it had legs and breasts, it would be a clfsv or something. -- Len Lanphar
Texas has very strict laws outlining in great detail the procedure to be followed to sterilize the needles used for lethal injection of condemned prisoners.
TEXAS: Si Hablo Ingles.
Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds. -- J. Finnegan (USC.)
Textbook is confusing... someone with a knowledge of English should proofread it.
Th-th-th-that's all, folks!
Thailand:... A place where there are a lot of prostitutes. -- unknown English dictionary
Thank God for fools. Without them, none of us would succeed. -- Mark Twain
Thank God, in the next world there will be no coffee. For there is nothing more hellish than waiting for coffee when it hasn't arrived yet. -- Immanuel Kant
Thank you for flying BBS...
Thank you for flying U.S.A.F. We hope that you will consider us again when your travel plans next include bombing Tripoli.
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book. I'll waste no time reading it.
Thank you for the heretical applause. I'll see you all in hell. -- Dennis Miller
Thank you for your e-mail. This Internet of yours is a wonderful invention. -- George W. Bush to Al Gore (attributed)
Thank you for your total obedience and heartfelt submission. -- Clifford Low
thank you oh great infection.
Thank you sir, may I have another? -- Animal House
Thank you very little. -- Chevy Chase
Thank you, (Tommy Kirk/Eugene Castle/etc.) for making us laugh at (love/winter/etc.) again. -- MST3K
Thank you, but right now we are barely a fly on the giant's butt. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
Thank you, drive through please... -- Beavis
Thank you, God. Keep it up
Thank you, I'll be here all week. Enjoy the buffet! -- MST3K
Thank you, your honor. With God's help I'll conquer this terrible affliction. -- Trainspotting
Thanks for reading this far. You now have a real insight into my personality. -- Sutherford Bryon
Thanks for the info! Hm, but now how will I resist the urge to nap .... :-)? -- Berna Massingill
Thanks for the Mammories. -- baby to mother
Thanks for your patronage. Come again, before we get those military pit bulls trained to sniff out & snuff out any scent of twitterhood... -- Rohit Khare
Thanks in large part to internet opportunities, US venture capitalists invested $7.6 billion in the second quarter. That is a cool 76% increase over the second quarter of last year. I'm not sure where all the money goes. I am able to run the entire davenetics operation for less than a billion... -- Dave Pell
Thanks to everyone who didn't e-mail us over the last year to falco BOO.COM. Everyone else: no shit, Sherlocks. And we know that we should be revelling in those rumours of corporate excess, the Flash-driven horrors spooned out of Organic's arse into gaping mouths of usability experts the globe over, the vision of Miss Boo being dragged in chains through the streets of London. But sod it, kids: there but for the grace of God go all of us in six months. And maybe it's time you looked your boardroom pals that talk so confidently of their plans at your startup, and wonder whether they'd take as much care of you when the whole thing takes off like a concrete rowing-boat. As it will. Oh yes. For the bell, it tolls for boo. I mean you. -- Danny O'Brien
Thanks to the interstate highway system, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything. -- Charles Kuralt (On the Road)
Thanks to the technical marvel of desktop publishing, clueless people will now have the benefit of my immense wisdom. -- Dogbert
Thanks to your gloomy music, my children have stopped dreaming about a future I can't possibly provide. -- Homer Simpson to Billy Corgan
Thanks. Now I'm Master Bruce. All I need is a butler named Alfred. And Uma Thurman. -- Bruce Sherrod, M.S.
Thanksgiving is so called because we are all so thankful that it only comes once a year. -- P.J. O'Rourke
That ... is truly fucking sick and disgusting. And coming from me, I think that really means something. -- Martin Frankel
That a majority should be able to compel others to live in their kind of world is specifically what those who founded our country did not believe in. -- Herman Rubin
That aged looking kid in the back of the class was actually Rupert Murdoch. There is no conspiracy. -- Dan Martinez
That and a quarter will get me 20 cents. -- John Dobbin
That article and its poster have been canceled. -- David B. O'Donnell (Sysadmin, America OnLine)
That Barney Rubble. What an ACTOR! -- Night Shift
That book was so good, it had me on the edge of my feet. -- Thanh Boyer
That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver.
That boy's about as sharp as the leading edge of a BB.
That car's sun-roof looks like a toupee, flapping in the wind... -- Sean Simmons
That Dick Tracy only picks on deformed criminals.
That does it! No more scraps from the kitchen for the beggars. No more merciful beheadings. And cancel Christmas! -- Sheriff of Nottingham
That does not compute.
That gag's got whiskers on it. -- Hudsucker Proxy
That he will pay extra for star quality is proven by the presence of Ron Jeremy as Clark, the co-star of the movie he is making. Jeremy, for those not willing to admit they know who he is, has been in more porn films than anyone else. His popularity is easily explained: Every man alive believes that any woman would prefer him to Ron Jeremy. -- Roger Ebert
That homosexuality has been a natural condition of kings, composers, engineers, poets, housewives, and bus drivers, and that it has contributed more than its share of beauty and laughter to an ugly and ungrateful world should be obvious to anyone who is willing to peer beneath the surface. -- Martin Greif
That is a two part question ...
That is more than a dress, it's an Audrey Hepburn movie. -- Jerry Maguire
That is not dead which may eternal lie, And with strange eons, even death may die.
That is the oldest looking mosh pit I have ever seen. I think I saw my stockbroker in there. -- Jon Stewart at the R&R Hall of Fame Concert
That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you. -- A. Whitney Brown
That is the sort of English up with which I will not put. -- Winston Churchill
That is the truth of our world, Max. It can't be easily summed up with math... -- Pi
That is why I have failed where others have succeeded. -- Jacques Clouseau
That kind of shuts down the brain stem. -- David Letterman
That last response took me 20 minutes to write, all told. Was that good time management, or incompetent typing skill? -- Rohit Khare
that makes it better, or soemthing. if my name was anukul, I'd have lots of quotes in faisals files too -- Vijay Gill
That makes no cents. I thought it was decent. So begins my descent. -- Adam Rifkin
That man by the cooler, drinking water as if it's free... -- Mr. Burns (the Simpsons)
That man is cynical with a capital sin. -- Bostom Common
That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest. -- Thoreau
That man who posed as a woman during a 3 1/2 year marriage was sentenced yesterday to a one-year jail term. Something tells me his days of acting like a woman are not quite over. -- Conan O'Brien
That Marquis de Sade sure knew how to hurt a guy.
That may well be, but *our* socially inept losers have hot wives and can pass the bar on their first try. Lose *this*. -- Mike Wallace
That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach. -- Aldous Huxley
That money talks, I'll not deny. It heard it once. It said goodbye.
That must be wonderful I don't understand it at all.
That must be wonderful! I don't understand it at all.
That must be wonderful! I dont understand it at all.
That new Extra-Strength Ex-Lax works just a little TOO well. -- Top 5
That Nike's sneakers and other athletic products are largely manufactured in third-world sweatshops by poorly paid people of color, often children, is a development about which Michael [Jordan], Junior [Ken Griffey, Jr.], and Tiger [Woods], each with a long-term multi-million dollar Nike contract, have maintained what might most charitably be called a discreet silence. -- John Gregory Dunne
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap on my bedroom floor tomorrow morning.
That piece of pathetic trash Gates "writes" is not considered newsworthy by the New York, nay not even the Los Angeles, Times. -- Rohit Khare
That project is a goat rodeo. It's like an exercise in herding cats.
That Rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide
That reminds me of something I saw on PBS just last week, wild dogs have a 90% kill rate. That also reminds me, did I tell you that I ride my bike with my friend the homicide detective? -- Tim Byars
That requires zero thinkstroms of thought. -- Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut
That Rifkin guy is an animal. -- Howard Stern
That scene last night where they were shovelling the dogs into the furnace was truly priceless. -- John Dobbin
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
That shoe fits him like a glove.
That smile of yours makes the Mona Lisa look self-doubting.
That song makes me want to knock something over. -- Butt-head
That stack of lottery tickets in your shirt pocket is thick enough to stop a bullet. -- Top 5
That teeny-weeny spare tire in new cars. Not knowing how the toaster knows when the bread is done. Coworkers who jam the copier, then flee the scene. Deciding whether or not to eat the green potato chip. When everyone knows but you. Kids that pee in the pool. -- from 1401 things that Piss Me Off
That tense is imperfect. Being present would make it perfect. -- Adam Rifkin
That that is is not that that is not.
That that is is.
That that is, is.
That tinkling sound in the background -- that's the sound of my whole little world shattering -- Dan Martinez
That was "Ava Maira", goin' out to Our Lady of Perpetual Groovin'. -- MST3K
That was a bad year for whine. -- Adam Rifkin
That was my destiny and you cheated me out of it. -- Forrest Gump
That was my virgin-alarm. It's programmed to go off before you do! -- Spaceballs
That was only one of the many occasions on which I met my death - an experience I don't hesitate to recommend. -- Baron von Munchchausen
That was pretty acrobatic. You managed to kiss your own ass. -- Richard Goodman
That was simply incredible and while my nervous system may never recover, this feels really good so please don't stop unless you're tired or I scream.
That was so fast, can you show me one more time? -- Troi
That was so funny, I just shot milk out my nose. Which is strange, because I am not drinking milk right now. -- Jeff Magnuson
That was the stun setting. <bleep> This is not.
That was three days ago, a while back. -- Rohit Khare
That was Zen. This is Tao. -- Peter da Silva
That was ZEN... this is TAO. -- Peter da Silva
That we are going to be the hugest Internet company in the world. Rah rah. And that is his plan. He is the Napoleon of the Internet! He's delusional. -- disgruntled former Amazon.com employee "Jane.com" on Jeff Bezos
That which does not freak us out, makes us stronger. -- Woody McCandlish
That which does not kill me had better be able to run away damn fast.
That which does not kill me is surely defective and should be returned to the manufacturer for replacement. -- Anu Kapoor
That which does not kill me makes me smarter, except for oxygen deprivation.
That which does not kill me still hurts an awful lot.
That which does not kill us makes us hungry. -- Lord Corun
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
That which does not kill us really messes us up.
That which doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That which must be proved cannot be worth much.
That which we call sin in others, is experiment for us. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
That will come in very handy in the extraordinarily unlikely event that I have to impersonate you. -- John Dobbin to Megan Coughlin
That woman speaks eighteen languages and can't say NO in any of them. -- Dorothy Parker
That would be dishonorable... and cool. -- Steve Bajzek
That would cost a hand and a foot. -- Thanh Boyer
That'd be cool. Unfortunately, being a hapless loser, I chose to pursue computer science at CMU, instead of doing the manly thing and learning to drive the big rigs at the Pittsburgh Diesel Institute. -- Dan Martinez
That's *int* main() to you, citizen -- Dan Martinez
That's [his] philosophy. [My] philosophy is that every so often you go out and buy more cards for your collectible card game or life becomes boring. -- Sean Simmons
That's a beautiful suit... who shines it for you?
That's a definition, not a theorem. That means you don't argue with it; you just write it down and memorize it. -- Warren Hawley
That's a fine idea. -- Forrest Gump
That's a nice dress - could I talk you out of it? (Pick up line)
That's a really good solution by the way... Sort of like using a firehose to wash your face. -- John Dobbin
That's a relatively open weave... and I can still see your... nipular area. -- Friends
That's a very good question. See me during the break, and I'll avoid answering it then, too.
That's all I got to say about that. -- Forrest Gump
That's all right, I'm human. I know you're surprised. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
That's all there is to it! Wasn't that fun? We sure hope so, because you're going to have to do it EVERY SINGLE TIME you want to modify a style! Oh, we know. You can hardly wait. We can see you trembling with excitement now. Did the vein in your temple always throb like that? -- Dan Martinez
That's all water over the bridge now.
That's been our motto through the whole thing: Spicy yogurt unshaved. -- Tori Amos and Michael Stipe
That's better. Self-indulgent, whiny music with artificial significance take me away! -- Chris Hanson
That's bovine digestive byproduct! -- Michael Fry
That's core for the parse.
That's enough, Data
That's fine with me.. and by induction, I am most people. -- Dmitri Schoeman
That's how you become great. You hang your balls out there. -- Jerry Maguire
That's how you're gonna beat em, Butch. They keep underestimating you. -- Pulp Fiction
That's impressive, i can't even listen to megadeth lyrics. Something about dave mustaine...actually, everything about dave mustaine. -- Steve Bajzek
That's inches away from being millimeter perfect.
That's it, George. If all else fails, then a total, pigheaded unwillingness to look facts in the face will see us through. -- Blackadder
That's John *Gardiner* Myers to you, citizen! -- Aleecia McDonald
That's just some bullshit that they insist that I teach. -- anonymous CMU professor
That's just the pussy I've been looking for. -- Penguin (Batman Returns)
That's like eating grits with peas. -- Emmanuelle Key
That's like fluffing the pillows on the Titanic
That's my foreplay... uh... I mean my forte. -- Hollie L. Ferrara
that's my hey-look-i'm-so-cynical-and-i-use-dashes-a-lot anti-geek/art/new media page, with minimalist binary layout design and peanut cluster. exactly what the web needs. -- Vince Farquharson
That's no tagline It's Odo
That's not a tagline It's Odo -- Sisko
That's not just good old fashioned Jew-hating talk. It's policy now. -- Schindler's List
That's not loud enough. I want to be able to hang up the phone and still hear it. -- Joshua Schachter
That's not passion in my eyes. It's arson. -- Bruce Sherrod
That's not romantic. That's rebound-antic. -- Craig Boas
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for Mankind. -- Neil Armstrong
That's perfect, Brian being a seismologist, and tou having so many faults. -- Frasier
that's right, contestant number one. you're walking away with the washer-dryer set,a case of Turtle Wax, and an authentic ancient Roman cross to crucify your loved ones. and we'll see our returning champion next week, when we look at Bram, Pierce and Maya. thanks for playing "Geek / Not a Geek!!!" some members of our studio audience received copies of Propaganda, the magazine that features young boys without their shirts; "Kindred: The Embraced" the home game; the Ian Curtis "Oh-So-Depressed" home suicide kit; and Rice-a-Roni, the San Francisco treat. -- Andrew Stellman
That's something I've noticed about food: whenever there's a crisis if you can get people to eating normally things get better. -- Madeleine L'Engle
That's the last time I'm going to cook in the nude.
That's the nice thing about the moral high ground: at least you get to be right. -- Adam Rifkin
That's the nuttiest idea you've had, Counselor. -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
That's the problem with tragedies. After the first chapter, you know the dick-ass is gonna die because he's not perfect! -- Ed Bennett
That's the trouble with directors... always biting the hand that lays the golden egg. -- Samuel Goldwyn
That's the way slang is: outrageous on the way in, outlandish on the way out. -- Rebirth of the Cool Language Commentary broadcast on Fresh Air (3/13/96)
That's user, u s r, and then there's a space ...
That's very nice. Now, take you're mouse, and click at the _beginning_ of his idea, drag to the _end_ of his idea, hit command-c, open a new mail window, place your cursor in the body field, hit command-v, and then e-mail it to me! -- Manuel Sanches
That's what I do. I hit the ball and I run the bases. -- Mark McGwire (Oakland As) after hitting a 538-foot home run off of Randy Johnson (Seattle Mariners). Estimated speed of the ball at point of contact was 105mph.
That's what I love about the movies. There's always some minor character standing around to tell you the moral, just in case you're too dumb to figure it out for yourself.
That's what I'm asking. I don't know! THIRD BASE! -- Abbott and Costello
That's what life is: a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of muppets. -- Clerks
That's what she said.
That's what you learned from this lifetime: kill her before she kills you. -- Dead Again
That's where the Monster Trucks come in. -- I Geertjan 11:1
That's why I force myself to stay awake sometimes. Barriers are lowered, inhibitions are forgotten, and wonderful experiences are... experienced. -- Elizabeth Daniels
That's why men need instant replays in sports. They've already forgotten what happened. -- Rita Rudner
That's why the religious people are so freaked out about the Internet, not because of the smut but because NO religion can stand up to access to information. -- Robert Carr
That's Yngwie *J.* Malmsteeen to you. The "J" is, of course, to distinguish him from the multitudes of other Yngwie Malmsteens operating in the Heavy Metal genre. -- Ted Metzler
Thaumaturgix was founded in New York City in 1994 by Peter Dolch, Moses Merchant, and Yogen Sanghani; seasoned technology consultants all, with a broad range of talents and skills. It was the first technology consulting to bring a U.S. stock exhange onto the World Wide Web. The partner's first dictum, "don't pour coffee into the computer," still echoes in our offices today. -- Thaumaturgix history
The "c" in "rap" is silent.
the "kinetic" cool sounding word hadn't come into phase then, along with other lame ass words such as "Extreme Sports" -- Vijay Gill
The "solve the time crunch in the software project by adding lots of programmers" technique is often referred to as "masses of asses", but I think that's a bit misleading. We've got 50 years of evidence that throwing more bodies at a software project only slows things down. The only asses in a situation like that are the ones doing the throwing. -- Faisal Jawdat
The "Vote for Perot" bumper sticker attaches with velcro. -- Jay Leno
The "word" destress looks a lot like distress. -- Megan Coughlin
The #1 thing a women looks for is security. How do you illustrate this? Well you have to knock them around, knock them off their feet, then without hesitation catch them in your big strong arms reassuring them you will never let them fall. This is of course figurative, not literal. -- Tim Byars
The #Jesus! Channel, for example, is more than just a typographical curiosity - it's "a database of firepower." -- Suck
The *professor* was sexy! -- Dazed and Confused (on how the women on Gilligan's Island really did have at least one decent man)
The 104th Congress is run by conservatives who think government is too intrusive. Except when it comes to TV, Baseball, sex and prayer. -- Jim Mullen
The 11th COMMANDMENT - Thou shalt not be a smartass!
The 1980s was not a decade of greed but a decade of prosperity; it was the longest period of peacetime growth in American history. -- Rush Limbaugh
The 2-1 fave usually wins at the ponies, but not always, and when you hit on 17, you tend to bust. -- Jim Cramer
The 3 F's of dating. 1. Film. 2. Food. 3. ****. "Can you write that down?" -- The Opposite Sex
The 486SX: Intel's test of your gullibility
The 70's... the clothes, the shoes, the music. Boy did they suck! -- Al Bundy
The 80's: When you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money completely surrounded by people who want some. -- Dwight Macdonald
The '90s are gonna make the '60s look like the '50s. -- Dennis Hopper
The 'rent's will pay for the 'swhench's 'za... -- William Safire
The A.A.A.A.A. is an organization for drunks who drive.
The abbreviation for pound, lb., comes from the astrological sign Libra, meaning balance, and symbolized by scales.
The ability to quote is a serviceable substitute for wit. -- William Somerset Maugham
The ability to restrain ourselves is a fundamental feature of being human. This is why adultery is not a natural function, and is instead considered wrong. -- Adam Rifkin
The ability to speak several languages is an asset, but the ability to keep your mouth shut in one is priceless. -- The Lion
The Abrams' Principle: The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
The absence of a pulse is the main signal of a cardiac arrest. -- American Red Cross (Standard First Aid)
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvellously. -- Henry Kissinger
The absolute value of the TA was less than epsilon.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
The academics in computer science have gotten into the "structured programming" rut over the past several years. They claim that programs are more easily understood if the programmer uses some special language constructs and techniques. They don't all agree on exactly which constructs, of course, and the examples they use to show their particular point of view invariably fit on a single page of some obscure journal or another -- clearly not enough of an example to convince anyone. When I got out of school, I thought I was the best programmer in the world. I could write an unbeatable tic-tac-toe program, use five different computer languages, and create 1000 line programs that WORKED. (Really!) Then I got out into the Real World. My first task in the Real World was to read and understand a 200,000 line FORTRAN program, then speed it up by a factor of two. Any Real Programmer will tell you that all the Structured Coding in the world won't help you solve a problem like that -- it takes actual talent. -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
The accident occurred when I was attempting to bring my car out of a skid by steering it into the other vehicle.
The acid test is whether you take any pleasure in responding to the question, "What do you do?" I can't bear it. That's the danger of midtown Manhattan, running into far more successful contemporaries. -- Dick Edwards (Metroplitan)
The acme of wisdom is to know that you know nothing. -- Aristotle
The actions of your companion or close allies will help you to make an important decision.
The acts of this life are the destiny of the next.
The Adameisterooski??? -- Robert Harley
The advantage of the penis from the communications point of view is that it is easy to imagine it shrivelled up and shrunken whereas damage to other vital organs such as the heart is much less obvious or easy to visualize. -- Clive Bates (Director of Action on Smoking and Health in Britain, commenting on Boston University School of Medicine research demonstrating that smoking could reduce the size of a man's erect penis)
The adverb always follows the verb.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper. -- Thomas Jefferson
The advice your son rejected is now being given by him to your grandson.
The age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists and calculators has succeeded: and the glory of Europe is extinghished for ever. -- Edmund Burke
The age of the Immortal. Old enough to know better, but still too young to resist. -- Lord Deviant
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -- Doug Larson
The agony of delete.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of fact but of values. -- W.R. Inge
The aim of learning is not knowledge but action.
The Air Force pinned a medal on me for killing a man and discharged me for making love to one. -- Leonard Matlovich
The air is full of farewells to the dying, and mournings for the dead. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The air of heaven is that which blows between the horse's ears.
The airforce has spent 30 years and several billion dollars trying to make voice interaction work so why doesn't it work? Because when you're pulling 6Gs and you say "Fire" and it says "please repeat", you're not gonna use this thing ever again. Literally. -- Ben Schneiderman
The Airplane Law: When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time.
The album's quite a release once you get over the fact that it sounds like people being tortured in the engine room of an aircraft carrier. -- Dylan Rhoads
The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty. You might want to mug someone with it. -- M. Devine
The aliens are watching us. They are waiting for sentient life to evolve.
The American Non--Sequitor Society---We don't make sense, but we do like pizza.
The American people would not want to know of any misquotes that Dan Quayle may or may not make. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money -- Alexis de Toucqueville
The Americans call me by value, and the Europeans call me by name. -- Niklaus Wirth
The amount of work done varies inversely with the time spent in the office.
The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that consists of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune of Camptown Races. Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it. -- Mike Harding (The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac)
The Ancient Japanese considered the Go board to be a microcosm of the universe. Although when it is empty it appears to be simple and ordered, in fact, the possibilities of gameplay are endless. They say that no two Go games have ever been alike. Just like snowflakes. So, the Go board actually represents an extremely complex and chaotic universe. -- Pi
The ancient Phoenicians were really Jews, and got as far north as England where they operated tin mines.
The Angstrom is the metric unit of pain.
The Annual Conference of Clairvoyants has been cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances.
The answer my friend, is blowing in the wind. -- Bob Dylan
The answer was Eeepsweetch Claaaahms.
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind. -- Peter, Paul, and Mary
The answers to the questions of life aren't on the bottom of the bottle... they're on TV! -- Homer Simpson
The Apathy Support Group meeting has been cancelled due to lack of interest.
The apostles, in the book of Acts of the Bible in Chapter 1, drove a Honda because it says they were all of one accord.
The appetite for thinking must be regulated, as all sensible people know, for it may stifle one's life. -- Susan Sontag
The architecture of the 80xxx series of microprocessors is clear evidence that INTEL isn't doing in-house drug testing. -- Paul Flaherty
The argument you just won with your spouse isn't over yet.
The arithmetical machine produces effects which approach nearer to thoughts than all the actions of animals. But it does nothing which would enable us to attribute will to it as to the animals. -- Blaise Pascal (Pensees (1623-1662), on calculating machines)
THE ARMY AXIOM: Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.
The Army has carried the American ... ideal to its logical conclusion. Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on ability. -- T. Lehrer
The Army has carried the American ideal to its logical conclusion. Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on the grounds of ability. -- Tom Lehrer
The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe. -- Bill Murray
The Army said I was too heavy. The police force said I was too dumb. -- Homer Simpson
The art of art, the glory of expression, and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity. -- Walt Whitman
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. -- William James
The art of medicine consists of amusing the patient while nature cures the disease. -- Voltaire
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order. -- Alfred North Whitehead
The artwork and poem tell the story of the world's creation, corruption, and redemption through the Biblical usage of trees: The Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil (Genesis 2:9), Noah's Ark (Genesis 6:14), Moses' staff (Exodus 4:17), the shepherds who witnessed Jesus' birth (Luke 2:8), the Cross where Jesus died (John 19:17), and finally the Trees of Life which will bring healing to the nations after Jesus returns (Revelations 22:2). -- Ernie Prabhakar
The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use. -- Abraham Lincoln
The assessment around here is biased in favor of those who are capable of doing the work necessary for the assessment.
The atheistic humanist and the committed religious person have the same enemy: that slack, hedonistic and thoughtless atheism which, often embellished with a sentimental religiosity, is the real faith of contemporary Western society. -- Michael Harrington (The Politics at God's Funeral)
The Atomic Age is here to stay... but are we? -- Bennet Cerf
The attacker must vanquish, the defender need only survive.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord.
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its extension cord.
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its power cord.
The audience of elderly Barbra fans I saw this movie with seemed completely enthralled throughout... but then again, they also seemed enthralled by the opening popcorn commercial. -- Mr. Cranky
The audience yelled "Get off!" to which Beavis responded "Is that what she said?"
The author makes no guarantee that the story will satisfy you. THAT is entirely in your HANDS. -- disclaimer in alt.sex.stories
The authors take no credit for hurt feelings or crushed egos, and that being said, all death threats will be laughed at. In other words, it's a story. You bring your lawyers, we'll bring our automatic weapons, it'll be a party. -- Wide Open Spaces disclaimer
The average for this breath-takingly large sample is just over 120 lbs. -- Robert Harley
The average Ph.D. thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from one graveyard to another. -- J. Frank Dobie (A Texan in England, 1945)
The average pointer points somewhere in X. -- Henry Spencer
The average price of gasoline has dropped by half a cent per gallon. Whoopie! I can finally afford half of that grape I've had my eyes on!
The average SAT for African Americans is 750. Do we set standards in the future so that we don't admit anybody with a national test? Or do we deal with a disadvantaged population that doesn't have that genetic, hereditary background to have a higher average? -- Francis Lawrence (Rutgers University)
The average term length of a member of congress is approaching 15 years, and the average term length of a convicted criminal is less than three. We've got that backward. -- Oliver North
The average woman wants two things, less meat on her bones and more bone in her meat.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains because the average man can see better than he can think.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
The baby has my brains. -- She must have. I still have mine.
The baby-eating bishop of Bathenwell. -- Blackadder II
The background is Scotch... a very frugal people. My father give me this Swatch on his death futon. -- Dennis Miller
The badness of a movie is directly proportional to the number of helicopters in it. -- Dave Barry
The bag that breaks is the one with the eggs.
The Baldheaded Champ. Mr. Who Ha. Stan the Man. The Head That Does All The Thinking. John Thomas. Buford The One Eyed Monster. Babies Arm. Virgin Surgeon. Womb Freshner. Single up the middle. Pork Bayonet. Skin Flute. Third Leg. The Rail Splitter. Big John. The Male Brain.
The ballot is stronger than the bullet. -- Abraham Lincoln
The band of cutthroats was not there for any good. -- Nicolai Gogol
The Baptists believe in The Right to Life before you're born. They also believe in Life After Death, but that is a privilege and you have to earn it by spending the interim in guilt-ridden misery. At an early age I decided that living a life of pious misery in the hope of going to heaven when it's over is a lot like keeping your eyes shut all through a movie in the hope of getting your money back at the end. -- A. Whitney Brown
The Baptists' basic theology is that if you hold someone under water long enough, he'll come around to your way of thinking. It's a ritual known as 'Bobbing for Baptists.' -- A. Whitney Brown
The barking of dogs does not affect the clouds.
The baseball player stepped out of the box and spit like a fountain statue of a Greek god that scratches itself a lot and spits brown, rusty tobacco water and refuses to sign autographs for all the little Greek kids unless they pay him lots of drachmas. -- Ken Krattenmaker
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line. -- H.L. Mencken
The basic publication series for te IETF is the RFC series. RPF once stood for 'Request for Comments,' but since documents published as RFCs have generally gone through an extensive review process before publication, RFC is now best known understood to mean 'RFC' -- Scott Bradner
The basis of a democratic state is liberty. -- Aristotle
The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
The bathroom was a NyQuil cup. -- Dennis Miller
The bats have left the bell tower, the victims have been bled, red velvet lines the black box, Bela Lugosi's dead. -- Bauhaus
The BBC's trailer department keeps calling the OJ Simpson case "the trial of the century". Sure, OJ's a big name, but I still think the title belongs, narrowly, to Nuremberg. -- Jack Hughes
The bear knew nine songs. All were on honey.
The beard of the guest is in the hand of the owner of the house.
The Beatles said All You Need Is Love and then they broke up.
The beauty of America is that the average person always thinks he is above average. -- Sam Levenson
The beauty of mechanical problems is that they are often visible to the naked and untrained eye. If white smoke is rising from a disk drive, that is probably where the problem lies (unless your disk drive has just elected the new Pope). -- John Bear
The beer-drinking contest will be held Saturday, with eliminations all day Sunday.
The beginning is the most important part of the work. -- Plato
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand... -- Frank Herbert
The beginning of wisdom is silence.
The belief in coincidence is the prevalent superstition of the age of science. -- Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson (The Illuminatus!)
The best advice for teenagers is, leave home now while you still know everything.
The best advice is not to use ++ or -- on volatile objects.
The best advice on the art of being happy is about as easy to follow as advice to be well when one is sick. -- Anne Sophie Swetchine
The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
The best cure for insomnia is a Monday morning. -- Sandy Cooley
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep. -- W. C. Fields
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
The best defense is a strong offense, and I intend to start offending right now. -- James T. Kirk
The best defense is to stay out of range.
The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living. -- Wendell Phillips
The best effect of any book is that it be returned unmutilated to its shelf. -- Gun in Mary Lou's Handbag
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The best fighting is against yourself.
The best form of self-defense is not being there in the first place.
The best gift of all: the presence of a happy family wrapped up in one another.
The best gifts are those that come from the heart, so this year, I'm giving aortas!
The best laid plans of mice and Megan etc. etc... -- John Dobbin
The best laid plans of mice and men... are all filed away somewhere.
The best laid schemes o' mice and men gang aft a-glay.
The best lesson life has taught me is that the idiots in many cases are right. -- Winston Churchill
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way. -- Samuel Butler
The best netrek client was the Ultrix client. Actually, it was the same client, it just didn't crash on Ultrix. -- Sean Simmons
The best people possess a feeling for beauty, the courage to take risks, the discipline to tell the truth, the capacity for sacrifice. Ironically, their virtues make them vulnerable; they are often wounded, sometimes destroyed. -- Ernest Hemingway (A Farewell to Arms)
The best place to store long-term radioactive waste would be in a deep-sea suppository.
The best policy may not be the best thing to do.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love. -- William Wordsworth
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best secretary in the world never misses a period.
The best substitute for experience is being sixteen.
The best teacher, until one comes to adult pupils, is not the one who knows most, but the one who is most capable of reducing knowledge to that simple compound of the obvious and the wonderful which slips into the infantile comprehension...The best teacher of children, in brief, is one who is essentially childlike. -- H.L. Mencken
The best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The best thing about information at your fingertips is that you can pick your nose with it. -- Matt Smith (Imminent Crash)
The best thing about logging in from home is you can drin^H^H^H^Hlisten to music as loud as you want. -- Axel Essbaum
The best thing to take to Cleveland when you're on vacation there is a return ticket.
The best things about solid mechanics is that you can break things all the time. Getting paid money to destroy things - what more could a man ask for? -- Jerry Griffin
The best things in life are disgusting.
The best things in life are for a fee.
The best things in life are free, but sooner or later the government will find a way to tax them.
The best things in life are NOT free -- What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value. -- Thomas Paine
The best things in life are not things.
The best use of life is to spend it for something that outlasts life. -- William James
The best way for a woman to warm a man up is to take off his shirt.
The best way I know of to win an argument is to start by being in the right. -- Quentin Hogg
The best way to a man's heart is to saw his breast plate open. -- Murphy's (women's restroom, Champaign, IL)
The best way to accelerate a Macintosh is 9.8 meters per second squared.
The best way to accelerate Windows is at escape velocity.
The best way to escape from a problem is to solve it. -- Brendan Francis
The best way to find something lost is to buy a replacement. -- Ann Landers
The best way to get ahead is to have one.
The best way to get rid of bad vibes is to put in fresh batteries.
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas first.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. -- Paul Valery
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. -- Alan Kay
The best way to realize the pleasure of being rich is to live in a smaller house than your means would entitle you to have. -- Edward Clarke
The best way to win an argument is to be right.
The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed. -- Alexander Hamilton (The Federalist Papers at 184-188)
The best, most fulfilling, most rewarding, most advanced way to make the [angst and] pain go away is this: Extra Strength Tylenol -- Martin Frankel
The best-laid plans of mice and men... are filed away somewhere.
The better part of valor is discretion.
The beverage. Icee, bro. This is what put this place on the map. -- Encino Man
The Bible contains 6 admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to heterosexuals. That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals. It's just that they need more supervision. -- Lynn Lavner
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people. -- G.K. Chesterton
The big advantage of a book is it's very easy to rewind. Close it and you're right back at the beginning. -- Jerry Seinfeld
The big debate [was] over Richard Stallman's emphasis on the "free" in "free software." The way it was characterized politically, you had copyright, which is what the big companies use to lock everything up; you had copyleft, which is free software's way of making sure they can't lock it up; and then Berkeley had what we called copycenter, which is take it down to the copy center and make as many copies as you want. -- Kirk McKusick
The big mistake that men make is that when they turn thirteen or fourteen and all of a sudden they've reached puberty, they believe that they like women. Actually, you're just horny. It doesn't mean you like women any more at twenty-one than you did at ten. -- Jules Feiffer
The bigger a person's head gets, the easier it is to fill his shoes! -- Henry A.Courtney
The bigger the bankroll, the tighter the rubber band.
The bigger the opportunity one intends to create, the wider the background of relationships needs to be.
The bigger the theory, the better.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The bigger they come the harder they fall. -- Robert Prometheus Fitzsimmons
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time. -- Merrick Furst
The biggest nuts are those which are empty.
The biggest reason against public transportation: the public. -- Mark Denovich
The biggest security gap is an open mouth.
The biggest things are always the easiest to do because there is no competition. -- William Van Horne
The Bill of Rights is over 200 years old. Heck, at that age I wouldn't work either!
The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
The birth of an idea is that happy moment when everything appears possible and reality has not yet entered into the problem. -- Rudolph Diesel
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and for deeds left undone. -- Harriet Beecher Stowe
The black said to the white, "If you were grey I would be lenient with you." -- Kahlil Gibran
The blackberry jam tastes like fish. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
The blithe devastation of that last line is as toxic, as fearless in its nihilism, as anything that ever escaped the lips of Johnny Rotten. -- Owen Gleiberman
The blonde tried to hang herself with a bungi cord. Boing!
The blood circulates through the body by flowing down one leg and up the other.
The blues isn't about feeling better. It's about making other people feel worse. -- Bleeding Gums Murphy (The Simpsons)
The bogosity meter just pegged.
The bomb will never go off. I speak as an expert in explosives. -- Admiral William Leahy (US Atomic Bomb Project)
The Borg are coming Quick Try and look useless
The boss said that I would get a raise when I earned it. He's crazy if he thinks I'm gonna wait that long.
The bottleneck is not in technology, it's in art. -- Penn Jillete
the bottom line is... If my computer could fuck me, I'd never leave my house. -- Jay Ross Kistler
The box said 'Requires Windows 95, or better.' So I bought a Macintosh.
The Boy Scouts have adult leadership. The Air Force doesn't.
The Boy Scouts have adult leadership. The Army doesn't.
The Boy Scouts have adult leadership. The Coast Guard doesn't.
The Boy Scouts have adult leadership. The Marines don't.
The Boy Scouts have adult leadership. The Navy doesn't.
The bozos are coming.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up, and doesn't stop until you get to work.
The brain is not an organ of thinking but an organ of survival, like claws and fangs. It is made in such a way as to make us accept as truth that which is only advantage. It is an exceptional, almost pathological constitution one has, if one follows thoughts logically through, regardless of consequences. Such people make martyrs, apostles, or scientists, and mostly end on the stake, or in a chair, electric or academic. -- Albert Szent-Gyorgi
The brain that processes these words as you read them is NOT the one you were born with. -- Steven Jay Gould
The brain works from the moment of birth until you stand up to speak in public.
The brave man is known only in war; the wise man in anger; the friend in time of need.
The break out pop in! -- Seinfeld
The brick the student Dave Nicol failed threw was hard. -- John Klassa
The Briggs/Chase Law of Program Development: To determine how long it will take to write and debug a program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add one, and convert to the next higher units.
The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical. They were all, one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely different way... -- Stanislaw Lem (Cyberiad)
The broken network is the broken computer. -- Mike Wiese
The buck doesn't even slow down here!
The buck doesn't even slow down here.
The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower. To think otherwise is to demean the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The bug is mightier than the fix. -- Cyrano de Bergerac
The bug stops here. -- Harry S Truman
The Bulls are so good, their tattoos could beat Seattle.
The Bureaucracy Game: Everybody stands in a circle. The first person to do anything loses.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The business of life is to go forward. -- Samuel Johnson
The business plan you prepare must be a lie... But it must be a detailed and precise lie rather than a vague and general lie.
The busy lawyer wanted an alert young woman to act as deceptionist.
The butler did it.
The C Programming Language: A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language.
The cafeteria deep fryer is not a toy. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
The California attorney general is investigating whether Mark Fuhrman lied on the stand during the OJ Simpson trial. Big investigation. Find a tape recorder. Insert tape. Push play.
The California DMV forbade the license plate UKFAUYA. Why?
The California raisins were murdered; a cereal killer is suspected.
The California state bird is the middle finger. -- Jay Leno
The Californians are an idle, thriftless people, and can make nothing for themselves. The country abounds in grapes, yet they buy bad wine made in Boston... -- R.H. Dana (1840)
The camel driver has his plans, and the camel has his.
The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around. I'm never sure. Are you? -- Ogden Nash
The camel never sees its own hump, but that of its brothers is always before its eyes.
The Cameroon-Romania game is on in five minutes! -- Top 5
The candidate should be able to leap tall buildings, outrun speeding bullets and be able not only to forsee the future, but control it.
The candle is put into the lantern and the moth is left outside fluttering.
The capability of an organization to relieve the buyer from large amounts of cash in exchange for a product does not imply an equivalent intent exists to produce a product that functions properly. (or even at all.) Especially with software! -- Dan Brown
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animals. Some of their most esteemed inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics. -- H.L. Mencken
The capacity to recognize higher orders that unify diverse phenomena and make complex situations more simple. This is the essence of creative and productve thinking and problem solving. -- Moshe Rubenstein
The car to watch is the car behind the car in front of you.
the car, as you might imagine, was in bad shape. to use a technical automotive engineering term, it was "seriously fucked up". -- Chris Heiser
THE CARDINAL CONUNDRUM: An optimist believes we live in the best of all possible worlds. A pessimist fears this is true.
The careful application of terror is also an effective form of communication.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
The cause of the riots were the rioters. -- Dan Quayle
The certainty of misery is better than the misery of uncertainty. -- Pogo
The chairs in the cabin are for the ladies. Gentlemen are not to make use of them till the ladies are seated. -- instructions posted in a river cruise ship (Suir River, Ireland)
The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to ..... to ........ uh .............. -- Hurewitz (Hurewitz's Memory Principle)
The chances are against filling an inside straight.",
The characteristic of genuine heroism is its persistency. All men have wandering impulses, fits and starts of generosity. But when you have resolved to be great, abide by yourself, and do not weakly try to reconcile yourself with the world. The heroic cannot be the common, nor the common the heroic. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The charm of sleepless nights is the idea that tomorrow will not come. -- Jean Baudrillard
The cheapest way to have your family tree traced is to run for public office.
The check is in the mail, but you won't be getting it because I left off the stamp.
The check's in your mouth and I won't come in the mail.
The chick has been beaten out for awards by Right Said Fred. -- John Dobbin
The chick pea is neither a chick nor a pea. Discuss. -- Mike Myers
The chicken that clucks the loudest is most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too may precautions. -- Alfred Adler
The chief function of the body is to carry the head around. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The chief ingredients in the composition of those qualities that gain esteem and praise, are good nature, truth, good sense, and good breeding. -- Joseph Addison
The Chinese ideogram for 'trouble' symbolizes 'two women living under one roof'.
The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The Christmas Pageant does not stink. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will walk carefully. -- Russian proverb
The church is only a secular institution in which the half-educated speak to the half-converted. -- W.R. Inge
The church member asked the preacher if a contribution of $10,000 would get him into heaven. The preacher said, "It's worth a try."
The CIA: Don't look back; something IS gaining on you.
The CIA: Have a cloak and a smile.
The CIA: Hold the pickles, hold the lettuce, New World Orders don't upset us.
The CIA: Look what it did for George Bush.
The CIA: Our business is knowing the world's business.
The CIA: Tastes great! Less killing!
The CIA: There's an agent in your neighborhood, waiting to serve YOU!
The CIA: This is not your father's OSS.
The CIA: We have a new slogan, but we can't tell you what it is.
The CIA: When you care to assassinate the very best.
The CIA: You deserve a break in today.
The city of Mountain View proscribes calling pet fish by "names of aggressive content, e.g. 'Biter', 'Killer', 'Sugar-Ray' "
The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards, specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of rise per foot of run. A compromise...
The civilization of one epoch becomes the manure of the next. -- Cyril Connolly
The class is doing uniformly well. I don't know why. Perhaps it's because of the clarity of the homeworks that you three are writing. -- Mani Chandy
The class is worthwhile because I need it for the degree.
The classes that wash the most are those that work least. -- G.K. Chesterton
The clergy know that I know that they know that they do not know. -- Robert Ingersoll (Orthodoxy)
The climate is hottest next to the Creator.
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
The clinching proof of my reasoning is that I will cut anyone who argues further into dogmeat. -- Sir Geoffery de Tourneville (ca 1350 A.D.)
The Clinton Administration is set to classify tobacco as an addictive drug. Dole denounced the announcement, and said that his surgeon general will be a little known congressman from North Carolina, Rep. Joseph Camel.
The clock maker works over time every day and never gets extra pay.
The clock that is five minutes fast is seldom corrected at quitting time.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application.
The closest we ever come to perfection is when we write our resumes. -- A Father's Book of Wisdom
The clothes that make a woman are the clothes that break a man.
The clothing salesman said, "Shall I measure your waist, or would you rather not know?"
The club is hung with so much hemp, in fact, that a fire in the club would give most of the Southwestern United States the munchies. -- What Happened to Chiphead Harry?
The coast was clear. -- Lope de Vega
The Coens - intellectuals that they are - reveal their utter contempt for working-class existence by representing plebian culture as the playground of the absurd. -- Mr. Cranky
The cold, reptilian stench of naked, raw terror. Don't ya love it?
The colder the X-ray table, the more of your body is required on it.
The collector walks with blinders on; he sees nothing but the prize. In fact, the acquisitive instinct is incompatible with the true appreciation of beauty. -- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
The common enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease and war itself. -- John F. Kennedy
The company of just and righteous men is best. -- Euripides
The company that owns it wanders around trade shows looking at all the screens. If they see anyone doing XORs they set their lawyers onto them... -- Gordon Irlam
The Complete X-Generation Manifesto: We hereby resolve that attempts by older generations to blindly label and categorize things in an attempt to fit them into their defective world-view shall be condemned. The End.
The complexity of wrong things far exceeds that of things intended. -- Geoffrey Tobin (in METAFONT for Beginners)
The composition of two useless axioms is useless.
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's. -- Marty Winston
The computer industry is so closely wed to Microsoft's fortunes that rooting against Windows 95 is akin to wishing for a stock market crash. -- Newsweek
The Computer is impressed with Data's hardware.
The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer.
The computer is the ultimate polluter: its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.
The computer is unbeatable for dashing quick thoughts off to strangers as a way of procrastinating sending messages to friends. -- Judith Martin (Miss Manners, 09/25/94)
The computer virus could do no damage; it was immediately devoured by all the bugs in our own programming.
The computing field is always in need of new cliches. -- Alan Perlis
The concept of a sentient, fiery hell, or the concept of eternally being placed in a scenario which punishes you for how you spent a grain of sand in the hourglass of time? -- Adam Rifkin
The concept of positive feedback loops and tipping factors are absolutely fascinating... All revolutions are corrupted, so all dynasties and empires must fail... (eventually; in the meantime, I'm still buying). -- Dan Kohn
The conclusion is obvious: you are lucky to get mail at all. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
The condition upon which God has given liberty to man is eternal vigilance. -- John Philpot Curran
The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his memos. -- New York Times (January 20, 1981)
The Congress will push me to raise taxes and I'll say no, and they'll push, and I'll say no, and they'll push again. And I'll say to them, read my lips, no new taxes. -- George H. W. Bush
The conservation movement is a breeding ground of Communists and other subversives. We intend to clean them out, even if it means rounding up every bird watcher in the country. -- John Mitchell (US Attorney General, (1969-72))
The constipated mathematician worked it out with a pencil.
The constitution guarantees a speedy trial, but it's the mass media who have delivered on the promise.
The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what the government's using these days.
The consumer mentality - we like something, what other flavor does it come in? We like that TV show, does it come in a book form? Does it come in a capsule? How about a soup? -- Paul Reiser
The consumer's side of the coffin lid is never ostentatious. -- Stanislaw J. Lec
The contagious people of Washington have stood firm against diversity during this long period of increment weather. -- Marion Barry
The conventional position makes me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lackjaw. -- Tallulah Bankhead
The conversation at orgies isn't very good but you can't have everything. -- Gore Vidal
The cooing stops with the honeymoon; the billing goes on forever.
The cook coughs as he ploughs through the dough.
The cool part about being a fish is that you never have to leave school. -- Adam Rifkin
The corporate grip on opinion in the United States is one of the wonders of the Western world. No first world country has ever managed to eliminate so entirely from its media all objectivity -- much less dissent. -- Gore Vidal
The correct expression is "my date". If ya can't bring a date to your own wedding...well, then, consider civilization collapsed. -- Ridgely Schantz
The correct solution to a problem like this is to call my ass. If anyone's gonna be at Bardo at some point on any given night, it's gonna be me. -- Mike Wallace
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but." Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period. Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
The cost of feathers has risen. Now even down is up.
The cost of liberty is less than the price of oppression.
The cost of living certainly hasn't affected its popularity.
The cost of living has gone up another dollar a quart. -- W.C. Fields
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The cost of living is high; but it is worth it if you consider the alternative.
The costliest women are the ones who cost nothing. -- Alfred de Musset
The Counselor and I will be indisposed today. -- Riker
The country couldn't run without Prohibition. That is the industrial fact. -- Henry Ford (1929)
The country that draws a broad line between its fighting men and its thinking men will find its fighting done by fools and its thinking done by cowards. -- Sir William F. Butler
The Course of Progress: Most things get steadily worse. The Path of Progress: A shortcut is the longest distance between two points. -- Issawi (Issawi's Laws of Progress)
The covers of this book are too far apart. -- Ambrose Bierce
The cow ate bluegrass and mooed indigo.
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for people to eat. -- John McNulty
The cowards never started --- and the weak died along the way.
The Cray 5 is so fast, it takes TWO halt instructions to terminate a program!
The cream rises to the top. So does the scum.
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Creation of the Universe was made possible by a grant from Texas Instruments. -- from "The Creation of the Universe" on PBS
The creative instinct has always been a stronger motive than mere profit to do truly new and revolutionary things. -- Phil Karn
The creature's vision is most keen, but not to be measured against that of hawks and other sharp-eyed beasts, for the Unicorn sees things not visible to any other animal.
The Crown is full of it Nate Harris, 1775
The crux... is that the vast majority of the mass of the universe seems to be missing. -- William J. Broad
The cuckoo bird does not lay his own eggs.
The culpability tree for my show's cancelation runs like the genealogy of the kid on the porch in Deliverance. -- Dennis Miller
The culture war is between the winners and those who think they're losers who want to become winners. The losers think the only way they can become winners is by banding together all the losers and then empowering a leader of the losers to make things right for them. -- Rush Limbaugh
The current death rate? One per person, of course.
The curtain rises on a vast, primitive wasteland, not unlike certain parts of New Jersey. -- Woody Allen
The curtains are drawn... but the rest of the furniture is real.
The Czech's in the mail. Sending Frenchman by FAX.
The damned cats like pushing the reset button on my computer. -- Adam Rifkin
The danger from computers is not that they will eventually get as smart as men, but that we will meanwhile agree to meet them halfway. -- Bernard Avishai
The date specified (01-01-1900) is impossible. If you have forced this error condition, you may be in violation of state, federal, and/or civil laws. Those outside the United States should check with their respective governments concerning their country's extradition treaty. Dissemination of this error is also strictly prohibited. -- www.2600.com (12/31/99)
The daughters were mad and the boyfriends were glad because they got an education by burning the candle at both ends. -- Rugburns
The dawn does not come twice to awake a man.
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
The day has its eyes, the night has its ears.
The day of individual happiness has passed. -- Adolf Hitler
The day you take complete responsibility for yourself, the day you stop making any excuses... that's the day you start to the top. -- O.J. Simpson (Get Motivated! Daily Psych-Ups)
The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
The days just before marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious book.
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious book.
The days of the digital watch are numbered
The dead are coming back to life and voting Republican! -- Bart Simpson
The dead fish goes with the flow.
The dead horse was going to move. I swear! -- Andrew Sproule
The Dead Shall Walk the Earth and Dine on Flesh
The death rate is still one per person.
The death rate on Earth is: One per person.
The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it is unanimous.
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender; because this kiss already has within it that surrender. -- Emil Ludwig
The decisions that really matter are made outside the democratic process. -- Anne McClintock (University of Wisconsin)
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated. -- William James
The definition of the Information Age is an explosion in the amount of information it's safe to ignore.
The dentist said my wisdom teeth were retarded.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists the circulation of the blood. -- Logan Pearsall Smith (1865-1946)
The Denver Boot is so called because when it is in use your car might as well be in Denver for all the use it is in getting you down to the Local.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place. -- Anaxagoras
The designers were too busy coming up with ren+stimpy error messages to design a decent interface. -- Aleecia McDonald
The details are left as an exercise for the reader.
The determined programmer can write a FORTRAN program in any language.
The development of computers has been almost entirely an American affair. The biggest setback to English as a global language, it has been said with more than a little irony, would be if Bill Gates had grown up speaking Chinese. -- David Crystal (The Guardian, 2/22/97)
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
The devil is real. He lives inside C programs. -- Philip Greenspun
The devil takes one and makes two. A saint takes two and makes one.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
The die is cast. -- Julius Caesar (proverb quoted by Julius Caesar.)
The Diety had little or nothing to do with the manufacture of minuscule viridescent seed-bearing fruit.
The difference between a bull and an orchestra is that the bull has its horns in the front and its butt in the rear.
The difference between a coward and a brave man is usually a matter of timing. -- Robert Heinlein
The difference between a misfortune and a calamity? If Gladstone fell into the Thames, it would be a misfortune. But if someone dragged him out again, it would be a calamity. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The difference between a mistress and a wife is the difference between day and night.
The difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb is that you can unscrew the light bulb.
The difference between a Saxophone and a chain saw? The grip.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. -- Vince Lombardi
The difference between America and Brittain is that the British think 100 miles is a long distance and Americans think 100 years is a long time.
The difference between America and England is that Americans think 100 years is a long time, while the English think 100 miles is a long way. -- Earle Hitchner
The difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer is the taste.
The difference between being able to go on forever and feeling sure you'll never be able to go again is about ten minutes.
The difference between Dali and a madman is that Dali isn't mad. -- Salvador Dali
The difference between doing it and not doing it is doing it.
The difference between hardware and software is... you can kick the hardware.
The difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
The difference between journalism and literature is that journalism is unreadable and literature is not read. -- Oscar Wilde
The difference between Jurassic Park and IBM? One's a theme park full of old mechanical monsters that scare the customers and the other is a movie.
The difference between meat and fish is that if you beat your fish it dies.
The difference between MS Windows and a pet rock is the cost of upgrades. -- Pyotr Filipivich
The difference between Rush Limbaugh and The Hindenburg is that one is a flaming Nazi gasbag, and one was a dirigible. -- Doonesbury
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship. -- Robert Heinlein
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -- Woody Allen
The difference between the Buffalo Bills and a dollar is you can get four good quarters out of a dollar.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in determination. -- Tommy Lasorda
The difference between the military and the Boy Scouts of America is the Boy Scouts are allowed to carry knives and they have adult leadership.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug. -- Mark Twain
The difference between theory and practice in practice is greater than the difference between theory and practice in theory.
The difference between this company and a cactus plant is that the plant has pricks on the outside.
The difference between truth and fiction is that fiction has to make sense. -- Mark Twain
The difference between youth and middle age is not physical. It is in how you see the soul. -- Ruth Rudner (Poet, The Sun, May 1994)
The Difficult is that which can be done immediately; the Impossible that which takes a little longer. -- George Santayana
The difficult things we do today. The impossible things take a little longer.
The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.
The dilemma of mathematicians is: what else is there to rely on, but formal systems? And the dilemma of Zen people is: what else is there to rely on, but words? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
The dingus is brilliant. Sure, sure. Congratulations, kid. You've reinvented the wheel. -- Hudsucker Proxy
The direct use of force is so poor a solution to the problems of limited resources that it is commonly employed only by small children and great nations. -- David Friedman
The disgusting noise made by nearly empty squeeze bottles of ketchup.
The disks are getting full; purge a file today.
The distrust of wit is the beginning of tyranny. -- Edward Abbey
The division of women is essentially that of good girl/bad girl. It worries me then to hear non-prostitute women use the word feminist to refer to themselves and not me. I've always thought whores were the only emancipated women. -- Margo St. James (COYOTE (Call Off Your Tired Old Ethics))
The doctors told me I had dain bramage. -- Bob Nelson
The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man really clever who has not found that he is stupid. -- Gilbert K. Chesterson
The dodo is a bird that is almost decent by now.
The dog algorithm: If you have food, eat it. If you don't, go get some.
The dog ate my car keys. We're going to hitchhike to the vet.
The dog needs the high grass so he can hide from the neighborhood cats. -- Men's Health (On how to get out of mowing the lawn)
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
The dog was chasing his tail. He was trying to make both ends meet.
The dog-sucked bones of Jezebel may be the skeleton which bangs it's knobs in the closet of our race. -- Tom Robbins
The dogma of the church was challenged in the mid-17th-century by Renee Descartes's famous pronouncement "Cogito ergo sum" ("I am nervous about having to add"), and the age of rationalism began. Rationalism then gave way to empiricism, and David Hume declared that it was impossible to know if anything existed at all, though later he recanted when he stubbed his toe on a doorjamb. -- Steve Martin
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present... As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. -- Abraham Lincoln
The dogs may bark, but the caravan passes on.
The Dolphin, ne'er has anything been more divine -- Oppian
The door is the key.
The doughnut retailer is really in the holesale business.
The dove is the bird of peace. The swallow is the bird of love.
The downside of coming off junk was I knew I would need to mix with my friends again in a state of full consciousness. It was awful. They reminded me so much of myself, I could hardly bear to look at them. -- Trainspotting
The draft that blows out a match makes a furnace burn better, and what prostrates a coward excites a brave man to action.
The dream was always runing ahead of one. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
The dreamers are the ones who conceive of what could happen and the scientists are the ones who make it happen. The best of humanity are those who combine both traits. -- Peter David
The drug war is fueled by the fact that at this historic moment, when American Liberalism and free enterprise have "won" the Cold War, our politicians are suffering from enemy deprivation. Faced with the real problems of urhan decay, slipping global competitiveness, and a deteriorating educational system, Washington has decided instead to turn its energies toward the 25 million Americans who use and traffic psychoactive drugs. -- Timothy Leary
The dude got fired from the orange juice factory because he could not concentrate.
The dude whose cards we were using talks about the "good deal" he got by buying 2 boxes for $120. That's basically all I would need to know in case my brain exploded and I actually considered buying some cards. -- Ian Konen on Jyhad
The dumber people think you are, the more surprised they're going to be when you kill them. -- William Clayton
The dumplings in a dream are not dumplings, only dreams.
The dung hill must make itself smelt before we can breathe the perfume of the flowers.
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The earliest Chinese ideograph for "male" was also a synonym for "selfish".
The early bird gets the early worm.
The early bird gets the worm. Not much incentive, I admit.
The early bird gets the worm. The early worm... gets eaten.
The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late and owns the worm farm. -- Travis McGee
The early worm gets the bird.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The Earth makes one resolution every 24 hours.
The earth may spin faster on its axis due to deforestation. Just as a figure skater's rate of spin increases when the arms are brought in close to the body, the cutting of tall trees may cause our planet to spin dangerously fast.
The Earth's eco-system is not fragile. -- Rush Limbaugh
The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one. -- Joan Baez
The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any. -- Katharine Whitehorn
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and add ten percent.
The easiest way to find a use for something is to throw it out.
The easiest way to maximize the amount of information over a communication line (in Shannon's Information Theory's terms) is to hook up a random noise generator to it. The Internet is just one massive attempt to illustrate this point.
The easy way is always mined.
The easy we will do tomorrow; the difficult we will refer to a committee. -- Bill Vaughan
The editor is always write.
The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce and gives it some of the grace of tragedy. -- Steven Weinberg
The efforts of governments alone will never be enough. In the end, the People must choose and the People must help themselves. -- John F. Kennedy (3/13/61)
The egg, about to be cooked, was picked up by a priest. Out of the frying pan into the friar.
The Electric Chair Choice: Regular or Extra Crispy?
The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not Compute' -- I forget which. (Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982)
The elite of Baltimore's literary scene are quite down to earth. They drink. They smoke. They eat people. -- Baltimore Book Festival advertisement
The emotion of love, in spite of the romantics, is not self-sustaining; it endures only when the lovers love many things together, and not merely each other. -- Walter Lippmann
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves. -- Walter Bilbey
The END (and more than you wanted to know)
The end is near... but wait for the sequel
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
The end of the human race is that it will eventually die of civilization. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The end of the world will occur at 3:00 p.m., this Friday, with symposium to follow.
The enemy generally attacks on one of two occasions: When you're ready for them. When you are not ready for them.
The enemy must die, for if he does not, then he won't be dead. -- from the LEGO WARS rules
The Enforcer's reproductive methods are a subject for another day. A really bad day. -- webmaster@bungie.com
The engaged couple had met in a revolving door and started going around together.
The English certainly and fiercely pride themselves in never praising themselves. -- Wyndham Lewis
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach their children to speak it. -- G.B. Shaw
The English language is not sufficently expressive to convey how badly I needed to know that, Mark. -- Martin Frankel
The Englishman thinks he is moral when he is only uncomfortable. -- George Bernard Shaw (Man and Superman)
The enlightenment generated by a seminary is measured in luminaries.
The entire humor of which involves three twerps being played by two people. -- Blackadder IV
The entire software industry runs on coffee just as much as it runs on electricity. -- Dan Sorenson
The environment is in trouble, and the worse it gets, the harder it is on your skin. -- Seventeen
The environment, I tell you, is totally key. We could all die. Besides, Sting's doing it. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
The Environmental Protection Agency has announced new, stricter air quality standards. When the air reaches a density deemed to be harmful to health, officials will attach a warning sign to it.
The Eskimo, Ootah, had his own explanation. Said he, "The devil is asleep or having trouble with his wife, or we should never have come back so easily." -- Robert E. Peary
The evidence before the court is incontrovertible...
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value. -- Charles Dudley Warner
The extended Murphy's Law: If a series of events can go wrong, it will do so in the worst possible sequence.
The extreme always seems to make an impression. -- Heathers
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. -- Henri Bergson
The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but Mr. Brain is gone. -- Blackadder II
The F1 key is the key marked F1.
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part. -- Jack Handey
The fact that dollar signs lit up in the eyes of the Hollywood executives being pitched this particular "winner" makes the case for their mandatory sterilization all the more airtight. -- Mr. Cranky
The fact that it works is immaterial. -- L. Ogborn
The fact that Microsoft has made an unwieldy cascading menu the centerpiece of their new operating system convinces us that their Usability Lab no longer employs interface designers or human factors engineers. In their Windows User Interface Guidelines, Microsoft explicitly states that cascading menus should be avoided, and if used, should not be more than 2 levels deep. Yet the major interface feature of Windows95 is a screen-size cascading menu that is often 4 or more levels deep and causes such large and rapid visual changes that it is likely to cause seizures among its epileptic users. -- Interface Hall of Shame
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
The fact that some crappy yuppie oughlave communications analyst (whatever that is) uses your preposterous and otiose locutions validates my point, not yours. -- Nameer Jawdat
The fact that the road to Hell was paved with good intentions couldn't allow people to give up on their good intentions. -- Brian Stableford (The Scream)
The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment. -- Warren Bennis
The facts will eventually test all our theories, and they form, after all, the only impartial jury to which we can appeal. -- Jean Louis Rodolphe Agassiz (1870)
The facts, interesting though they may be, are irrelevant.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fan is on fire. Please call, asap, no matter what. I mean, I'm chugging GOLD here. -- Rohit Khare
The FAQ had done its job so well that the Question was no longer Frequently Asked, and thus, the answer no longer in the FAQ.
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man. -- William Shakespeare (Much Ado About Nothing, III, iii, 147)
The faster you go, the shorter you are. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The fastest way to get art out of your artists is to put programmer-art in and tell your artists you're about to ship. -- Howard Shere
The fate of billions all depend on you... heh heh heh ... sorry.
The fault, dear Brutus, lies not in our stars, but in ourselves: that we are the underlings. -- William Shakespeare
The fear of death is the beginning of slavery.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and the knowledge of the Holy is understanding. -- Proverbs 9:10
The feature which you claim to have discovered in Unix is almost certainly due to an act of God: why don't you read the documentation?
The feature which you claim to have discovered in Unix is almost certainly due to sheer incompetence: go away
The fewer clear facts you have in support of an opinion, the stronger your emotional attachment to that opinion.
The fewer people you speak to, the more you can say. (Corollary: the less they pay you, the freer you are). -- Harry Shearer
The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion.
The fickleness of the women whom I love is only equalled by the infernal constancy of the women who love me. -- George Bernard Shaw
The fifth dentist caved in and now they're all recommending Trident? -- Friends
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses... behind the lines, in the gym and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights. -- Muhammad Ali
The film was so utterly boring that it actually made me pray to God that Chris Farley would emerge from somewhere and smack into something at a full run. -- Mr. Cranky
The filter has discreting sources. -- KSC FIDO (1/28/86)
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The finished product was just too painful for me to look at. -- Donald Knuth on why he stopped submitting papers to the AMS in 1974 to work on TeX
The First Amendment Is First For A Reason!!!
The first and greatest commandment is: Don't let them scare you.
The first blonde is the cheapest.
The first bullet is never for you. -- from Nikita
The first cup of coffee recapitulates phylogeny.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it. -- Abbie Hoffman
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents, and the second half by our children. -- Clarence Darrow
The first Internet Cult Mass Murder.... I've got your information highway RIGHT HERE buddy! -- Marcus Alzona
The first man who compared a woman to a flower was a poet, the second an imbecile.
The first myth of management is that it exists. The second myth of management is that success equals skill. -- Robert Heller
The first myth of management is that it exists.
The first person to say you can't take it with you was undoubtedly with the Internal Revenue Service.
The first piece of luggage out of the chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever. -- Fred Green
The first pizza arrived in this country 100 years ago from Naples. The amazing thing is, it got here in less than 30 minutes. -- Jay Leno
The first precept was never to accept a thing as true until I knew it as such without a single doubt. -- Rene Descartes (Discourse on Method)
The first reading is from the Book of Newt... -- Top 5
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary. -- Thomas Edison
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are. -- Marcus Aurelius
The first rule of fighting is, don't get hit.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts. -- Paul Ehrlich
The first rule of magic is simple. Don't waste you time waving your hands and hopping when a rock or a club will do. -- McCloctnick the Lucid
The First Rule of Program Optimization: Don't do it. The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only): Don't do it yet. -- Michael Jackson
The First Rule of Show Business: You can't go wrong with goats.
The first sign of a nervous breakdown is when you start thinking your work is terribly important. -- Milo Bloom
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left.
The first step is the hardest. -- Marie Marquise du Deffand
The first step on the road to truth is to call things by their proper names. -- Ancient Chinese Saying
The first step toward immortality is living a life worth remembering. -- Brandon Lee
The first suitcase out of the baggage return at the airport never belongs to anyone. Ever.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
The first thing in life is to be true to yourself. -- O.J. Simpson
The first thing you learn as a life insurance salesman is never refer to premiums as the layaway plan.
The first time Adam had a chance, he laid the blame on women. -- Nancy Astor
The first time I did it, I closed my eyes. Nothing [bad] happened, so I did it again. -- Vazquez Varela
The first time I tried organic wheat bread, I thought I was chewing on roofing material. -- Robin Williams
The first time I walked into a trophy shop, I looked around and thought to myself, "This guy is good!" -- Fred Wolf
The first time was history, the second time, farce. -- Karl Marx
The first time, it's a KLUDGE! The second, a trick. Later, it's a well-established technique! -- Mike Broido (Intermetrics)
The first two days of vacation are endless, then it flies.
The fish in the trap begin to think.
The fish that escaped is the big one.
The Fitness Bulletin reports that aside from brain and body damage, boxing is a superb fitness sport.
The fjords were my idea. I won an award for it. -- Slartibartfast
The flag of piracy flew from my mast My sails were set wing to wing I had a jukebox graduate for a first mate she couldn't sail but she sure could sing.
The flakiest member of the orchestra, of course, is the piccolo. -- Garrison Keillor
The flame at the heart of a pawnbroker's diamond is a cold fire. -- Rush
The flamewar would have been nice, but I was really just trying to get quotefiled. -- Tim Showalter
The floggings will continue until morale improves!
The flying machine which will really fly might be evolved by the combined and continuous efforts of mathematicians and mechanicians in from one million to ten million years. -- The New York Times (October 9, 1903, the same day that the Wright brothers began assembly)
The following advisory for American travellers heading for France was compiled from information provided by the US State Department, the Central Intelligence Agency, the US Chamber of Commerce, the Food and Drug Administration, the Centres for Disease Control, and some very expensive spy satellites that the French don't know about.
The following statement is not true: the previous statement is true..
The following statement is not true:
The fools only laugh 'cause they envy you. -- Paul Weller
The Force is duct tape, with a light side, a dark side, and holding the universe together. -- Carl Zwanzig
The Force is what gives a Jedi Knight his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us. Penetrates us. Binds the galaxy together. Which reminds me. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your Uncle wouldn't allow. He thought you'd follow Obi-Wan on some idealistic crusade. -- Star Wars
The forest would be silent if the only birds who sang were the ones who sang the best.
The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
The founding fathers tried to set up a system where a man got a fair trial, not a system to let him get off on technicalities.
The four basic food groups: coffee, donuts, scotch and maalox.
The four basic food groups: sugar, grease, caffeine and alcohol.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl. -- Dave Barry
The four enemies of Soviet agriculture are Winter, Spring, Summer and Fall.
The four seasons are salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar.
The freedom of a nation is measured by the freedom of its lowest class. -- James Connolly
The freedom of poetic license. -- Cicero (43 BC)
The freedom of the press belongs to those who own one.
The frog does not drink up the pond in which he lives. -- Native American proverb
The frustrating thing about [...] is that he... really tries to dominate my attention... which would be okay if he'd sleep with me. -- Nikki Gustas
The Fuhrman tapes supposedly have him saying the N word 27 times. This is roughly the same as 3 minutes of an old Richard Pryor record.
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit until you multiply the # of your kids by 32 teeth.
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the number of your kids by 32 teeth.
The fundamental idea of modern capitalism is not the right of the individual to possess and enjoy what he has earned, but the thesis that the exercise of this right redounds to the general good. -- Ralph Barton Perry
The further I go, the behinder I get.
The future belongs to charismatic communicators who are technically competent. -- Patricia Fripp
The future belongs to the future itself. -- Debbie Gibson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The future holds nothing else but confrontation. -- Public Enemy
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
The future is bright in affairs of the heart.
The future is like the present, only longer.
The future is littered with prizes. -- The Lion King
The future is not what it used to be. (It never was.)
The future is now. -- Hudsucker Proxy
The future isn't what it used to be. (It never was.)
The future isn't what it used to be.
The future lies ahead.
The future masters of technology will have to be lighthearted and intelligent. The machine easily masters the grim and the dumb. -- Marshall McLuhan (1969)
The future must have something to do with the evolution of food sizes. Once there was large, medium, and small. Then there was huge, large, and medium. Now there's jumbo, huge, and large. Isn't there anything small left in the world? -- Baked Potatoes
The future of "I give" is "I take."
The future tense of "invest" is "investigation."
The future, always so clear to me had become like a black highway at night. We were in uncharted territory now, making up future as we went along.
The future, when it arrives, usually doesn't work. -- Robert Fulford
The future's already here; it just isn't very well distributed. -- Gibson
The future's so bright, I've gotta wear shades. -- Timbuk 3
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
the gathering will begin sometime between 7:00 & 9:00, i imagine... giving Ron and I plenty of time to be trashed by the time you arrive. A fair quantity of booze and miscellaneous snacking materials should be present, so the necessity to bring your own is non-existant... granted... this isn't a BitWrench New Year's Eve party... but then again, neither was the BitWrench New Year's Eve party. -- Radd Berkheiser
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
THE GENERAL LAW: The chaos in the universe always increases.
The general level of content on the Net is getting worse. Now [that] you can do pretty much anything if you put your imagination to it, a lot of people involved are realising that the they never had much in the first place. -- Jon Baines (The Guardian)
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance. -- Robert R. Coveyou (Oak Ridge National Laboratory)
The Genie can smell fear. -- Tom Price
The genius of you Americans is that you never make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated stupid moves which make the rest of us wonder at the possibility that we might be missing something. -- Jamal Abdul Nasser
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success has not been asleep.
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
The geographic novelty runs up against an overwhelming sense of familiarity. It's like a Hard Rock Cafe or Planet Hollywood, where different magical celebrity objects line the walls from city to city but the menu stays the same. Only the eye candy changes. Videogames are the purest kind of entertainment architecture... architecture with no physical substance at all, just production values. These are the theme parks of the mind. -- J.C. Herz
The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury. Due north of the center we find the South End. This is not to be confused with South Boston which lies directly east from the South End. North of the South End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.
The German financeer remarked when returning from abroad.
The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today.
The girls around me didn't think it was sexual harassment. They just thought it was disgusting. -- Jay Douglass (Suspended from school at age 14 for repeating a joke about menstruation told on Howard Stern's radio show, as quoted in the Philadelphia Inquirer, 24 April 1997)
The glide point bloweth mine arse! Thinkpad nipples gooooood! -- Mike Wallace
The global economy and the small-town ideal are not simply nonsequiturs. They are direct enemies. But there is no need for the sensible in a utopia. -- John Ralston Saul (The Unconscious Civilization)
The glory of a man is knowledge, but the glory of a woman is to renounce knowledge. -- Chinese Proverb
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
The goal is to be mentioned in the NY Times; page 1 is gravy. -- Rohit Khare
The goal of all inanimate objects is to resist man and ultimately defeat him. -- Russell Baker
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice.
The goal of the computer is to provide people with the means to extend people's minds and bodies. It is an exoskeleton that expands our human reach. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
The goal should be to stop people from abusing the system, not to abuse people with the system. -- Steve Baum
The god of the cannibals will be a cannibal, of the crusaders a crusader, and of the merchants a merchant.
The goddamn cat never bit you. That was me. -- Michelle Hall
The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines. They gave him love and he invented marriage.
The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it is your move. -- Frank Crane
THE GOLDEN RULE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES The one who has the gold makes the rules.
The Golden Rule: He who has the gold, makes the rules.
THE GOLDEN RULE: Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
The good burghers of Redwood City have outlawed the frying of gravy.
The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell. -- St. Augustine
The good die young, because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good. -- John Barrymore
The good have no need of an advocate. -- Phocion (317 BC)
The Good Lord has so created Man that everyone can make every conceivable mistake on his own. Don't ever try to learn from other people's mistakes. Learn what other people do right. -- Martin Buber
The good news about computers is that they do exactly what you tell them to do. The bad news about computers is that they do exactly what you tell them to do.
The good news is that I am a perfectionist. The bad news is that I charge by the hour.
The good news is that Jesus is coming back. The bad news is that he's really pissed off. -- Bob Hope
The good news is that opportunity abounds for anybody and everybody with half a brain. A complete brain is not even required for success anymore. Only a half-baked plan and the determination to see the plan through. -- Mike Causey
The good news is that you can build a portal overnight; the bad news is that so can everyone else. -- J. William Gurley
The good news is the ear has 30,000 channels to the brain, the bad news is that they're all nonlinear. -- M.B. Sachs
The good old days weren't always good, and tomorrow ain't as bad as it seems. -- Billy Joel
The good old days: when you only worried about where Michael Jackson touched himself.
The good thing about Vietnam was that there was always someplace to go, and there was always something to do. -- Forrest Gump
The gothic fad had been done to death. Black clothing is now a bad joke. Vampires are overrated. Dark, ominous doom music is depressing by definition. And Anne Rice is a hack. The novelty is gone. Lighten up, people. -- Chester G. Edwards
The government has been satirized for your protection. -- Bill Maher
The Government is the only institution that can take a valuable commodity like paper, and make it worthless by applying ink. -- Ludwig van Moses
The Government that Governs Least, Governs Best. -- Thomas Jefferson
The grabbing hands, grab all they can, all for themselves, afterall, it's a competitive world. -- Depeche Mode
The graduate with a Science degree asks, "Why does it work?" The graduate with an Engineering degree asks, "How does it work?" The graduate with an Accounting degree asks, "How much will it cost?" The graduate with a Liberal Arts degree asks, "Do you want fries with that?"
The grammar is all wrong. It should read "When Susie and I were boinking our brains out on a recurring basis." -- Richard Goodman
The grass is always greener for the pusher.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
the grass is always greener over the septic tank.
The grass is always greener several days after someone throws up on it.
The grass is always greener... where more manure is used.
The grave's a fine and private place, but none I think do there embrace.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men. -- Charles de Gaulle
The graveyards in South Carolina are full of people who were waiting for Strom Thurmond to die so they could run for his Senate seat.
The great crime of the 20th century, in my mind, is that we now work harder than ever before. Why is that? To what end is that leading? How are we supposed to free our minds if we spend all our time working? -- Adam Rifkin
The great majority of artists are throwing themselves in with life-preservers around their necks, nd more often than not it is the life-preserver which sinks them. -- Henry Miller
The great man is he that does not lose his child's heart. -- Menicus
The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart.
The great masses of the people . . . will more easily fall victims to a great lie than to a small one. -- Adolf Hitler
The great masses of the people [...] will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one. -- Adolf Hitler (Mein Kampf)
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is: What does a woman want? -- Sigmund Freud
The great thing about adult males is that they've become immune to verbal abuse. Adult females may have something to do with that. -- Scott Adams
The great thing about finding someone to hook up with at Tracks is that if you don't, there's always next week. You can pick up where you left off. -- Corwyn Jeffries
The great thing about homophobia (logic flies out the window and begins performing stunts somewhere near the math department offices) is that once you've decided you hate gays, you can then decide that someone you don't like is gay, and have a reason to hate him other than that you are an imbecile.
The great thing about multitasking is that several things can go wrong at once. -- Andrew B. Sweger
The great tragedy of Science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact. -- Thomas Henry Huxley
The greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions and not on our circumstances. -- Martha Washington
The greatest beauty in the world is beauty that is private.
The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination. -- Elizabeth Hardwick
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence. -- Dennis Waitley
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
The greatest happiness comes from the greatest activity. -- Bovel
The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters. -- Genghis Khan
The greatest homage to truth is to use it. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greatest invention in my lifetime was the Big Gulp. -- Reality Bites
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -- Winston Churchill
The greatest love is a mother's, then comes a dog's, then a sweetheart's. (Polish proverb)
The greatest obstacle to more intelligent machines is unintelligent people.
The greatest of all human arts is the ability to be indiscreet discreetly.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The greatest problem of communication is the illusion that it has been accomplished. -- George Bernard Shaw
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The greatest right in the world is the right to be wrong. -- Harry Weinberger
The greatest thing in family life is to take a hint when a hint is intended... and not take a hint when a hint isn't intended. -- Robert Frost
The greatness of a man can nearly always be measured by his willingness to be kind. -- G. Young
THE GREEN THUMB LAW: The life of a house plant varies inversely with its price and directly with its ugliness.
The Grey Poupon is in my other car.
The Greys are supposedly space aliens who are taking over the planet. I surmised that the Greys got you when your X died. -- Robert Harley
The groundwork to all happiness is health. -- Leigh Hunt
The GUI support really sucks -- if I wanted an X feel on Windows, I'd pound a pencil through my forehead. -- Robert Rodgers
The gulf between knowledge and truth is infinite. -- Henry Miller
The gum-chewing student and cud-chewing cow look quite alike, but they're different somehow. And what is the difference? I see it all now. It's the intelligent look on the face of the cow. -- Floyd Camp of Brownfield (Texas)
The guy just wanted a kiss, not the story of O. -- The Opposite Sex
The guy sitting next to me smells like he thinks soap is a four letter word.
The guy spends all his time learning about drugs. It's his version of higher education. -- Adam Rifkin
The guy sure looks like plant food to me
The guy was all over the place. I had to swerve a number of times before I hit him.
The guy was so worthless than he could have been replaced by two flashing lights and a non-functional switch. -- Steve Thiedke
The guy who said all men are created equal never went to a nudist colony.
The guy who took a wrong turn off the electronic superhighway and wound up in a microwave over in Davenport, Iowa.
The guy's average income was around midnight.
The gynecologist got sentimental after looking up his old girlfriend.
The gynecologist when to the optometrist because everything was looking fuzzy to him.
The H in Jesus H. Christ stands for Hallmark... because God cared enough to send the very best.
The hailstones leaped from the pavement, just like maggots when you fry them in hot grease. -- Gary F. Hevel
The Halting Problem is Ctrl-C decidable. -- Stephan Missura
The hand that kindles cannot quench the flame.
The hand that you cannot bite, kiss.
The handcuffs were too tight. The officer swore at me. My Multanova (traffic photo radar) ticket is unfair. Aliens from outer space are taking over the police.
The Handicapped Extrotion Gang... I like that anomie... -- Rohit Khare
The handwriting recognition is amazing. Even with my chicken scratching I'm getting 86% recognition, which is about 20% better than I can do trying to read my own writing. -- Tim Byars
The hangman let us down.
The happiest day is that day in the past that you always run back to when the present proves unbearable.
The happiest people spend much time in a state of flow - the state in which people are so involved in an activity that nothing else seems to matter; the experience itself is so enjoyable that people will do it even at great cost, for the sheer sake of doing it. -- Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi
The happiest time in any man's life is just after the first divorce. -- Galbraith
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. -- Vince Lombardi
The hardest part of fame: that really, really high note that Irene Cara has to hit. -- Kristy Swanson
The hardest struggle of all is to be something different from what the average man is. -- Charles M. Schwab
The hardest thing about time travel is the grammar. -- Douglas Adams
The hardest thing in life to learn is which bridge to cross and which to burn. -- David Russell
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
The hardest tumble one can take is to fall over his own bluff.
The hardness of the butter is in direct proportion to the softness of the butter.
The hateful :) means `just kidding' and is used by people who would dot their i's with little circles and should have their eyes dotted with Drano. -- Penn Jillette (On e-mail conventions)
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.
The heart is a free and fetterless thing - a wave of the ocean, a bird on the wing. -- Julia Pardoe
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The heart is wiser than the intellect...
The heart of the fool is in his mouth. The mouth of the wise man is in his heart.
The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas. All these miraculous organs work in total darkness!
The heaving waves on the vast, ink-black ocean sent a salty spray over the proud bow of the three-masted ship, leaving beads of water on the exposed alabaster skin above the bodice of the tall, raven-haired woman who stood sobbing on the deck, her salty tears mixing with the storm-tossed sea. -- Top 5
The Hebrew school teacher asked one of his students if she said prayers before meals. The proud little girl answered, Oh, not me. I don't have to - my dad's a good cook.
The Heineken Uncertainty Principle: You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.
The hell with the prime directive, let's kill something.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
The hero died, but that's not the end of the story.
The hero is one who kindles a great light in the world, who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by. -- Felix Adler
The highest bidder catches the most politicians.
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. -- John Ruskin
The history of African-Americans during the past 400 years is traditionally narrated as an ongoing struggle against oppression and indifference on the part of the American mainstream, a struggle charted as an upward arc progressing toward ever more justice and opportunity. This description is accurate, but there is another, equally true way of narrating that history, and its implications are as frightening for the country as a whole as they are for blacks as a group. The history of African-Americans since the discovery of the New World is the story of their encounter with technology, an encounter that has proved perhaps irremediably devastating to their hopes, dreams, and possibilities. -- Anthony Walton
The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases. For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question, How can we eat? The second by the question, Why do we eat? And the third by the question, Where shall we do lunch? -- Douglas Adams (The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy)
The history of the Universe has been summed up thusly: "Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people." -- John P. Wiley Jr. (quoting Edward R. Harrison (a cosmologist at UMass), Smithsonian Magazine, 12/95)
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, in a moment of reasoned lucidity which is almost unique among its current tally of five million, nine hundred and seventy-three thousand, five hundred and nine pages, says of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation products that "it is very easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all." In other words, - and this is the rock-solid principle on which the whole of the Corporation's Galaxywide success is founded - their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their superficial design flaws. -- Douglas Adams
The hole in a donut and the hole in a toilet seat are made of exactly the same material. However, you will not sell many donuts by advertising this fact.
The holiest of all holidays are those kept by ourselves in silence and apart, the secret anniversaries of the heart, when the full tide of feeling overflows. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1807-1882)
The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century. -- Dan Quayle
The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
The honeymoon is over when he says, "You CAN'T start labor now... it's my bowling night!"
The honeymoon is that short period of doting between dating and debting.
The hookers you date begin looking less and less like Elizabeth Shue, and more and more like Elizabeth Dole. -- Top 5
The hookworm larvae enter the human body through the soul.
The horror! The horror! -- Apocalypse Now (and Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness on which it was based)
The hostage? Yes, we're trying to get a phone fitted.
The hotel has bowling alleys, tennis courts, comfortable beds, and other athletic facilities.
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who in time of great moral crises maintain their neutrality. -- Dante
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. -- Dante
The House of Representatives held a hearing on cloning; you have to picture 400 white guys in blue suits and red ties announce that they want to ban cloning.
The Hubble works fine; all that stuff IS blurry!
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of Ten Best. -- H. Allen Smith
The Human Body is a wonderful thing, and it deserves a decent-sized suitcase. -- Dr. Fegg
The human brain is like an enormous fish: it is flat and slimy and has gills through which it can see. -- Monty Python
The human mind is like an umbrella; it functions better when open. -- Walter Gropius
The human mind ordinarily operates at only 10% of its capacity -- the rest is O/S overhead.
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity --- the rest is overhead for the operating system.
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein -- it rejects it. -- P. Medawar
The human race has had long experience in surviving adversity. But we now face the task of surviving prosperity. -- Alan Gregg
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -- Mark Twain
The human race is beer's way of making more beer.
The human race is challenged more than ever before to demonstrate our mastery, not over nature but of ourselves. -- Rachel Carson
The human race is faced with a cruel choice: work or daytime television.
The human spirit is a hard thing to kill. Even with a chainsaw.
The hypothalamus is one of the most important parts of the brain, involved in many kinds of motivation, among other functions. The hypothalamus controls the "Four F's": 1. fighting; 2. fleeing; 3. feeding; and 4. mating. -- psychology professor in neuropsychology intro course
The IBM 360 had no stack, and that was stupid, short-sighted design. The Cray 2 has no stack, but that's elegant minimalism.
The IBM ThinkPad: Power and stimulation wherever you go.
The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. -- Ursula K. Le Guin
The idea is to die young as late as possible. -- Ashley Montague
The idea is, you memorize these things, then write them down in little exam books, then forget them. If you fail to forget them, you become a professor and have to stay in college for the rest of your life. -- Dave Barry
The idea of a processor that does Dynamic Binary Translation did not seem very appealing to venture capitalists. That's when we came up with the term 'Code Morphing Software' as a marketing tool to get more people interested in funding the Crusoe processor development. -- David Ditzel (Founder & CEO, Transmeta)
The idea of calm exists in a sitting cat. -- Jules Renard
The idea of daylight-savings is like trying to be taller by cutting off your head and standing on it.
The idea of naked women and computers combined really turns me on. -- John Dobbin
The idea of trying to commit suicide over a box of vibrating dildos with a tape gun held at my temple struck me as almost comic. -- Nicholson Baker (The Fermata)
The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he who, by peddling second-rate technology, led them into it in the first place. -- Douglas Adams (On Windows '95)
The idea that we're governed by some larger intelligence when we crowd together in sufficient numbers would certainly explain a lot, though. Nazism. Woodstock. The Macarena. -- Dan Martinez
The ideal gift for the girl who has everything is penicillin.
the ideal girl ... 34-26-32-19. chest, waist, hips, monitor -- Larry Dell
The ideal resume will turn up one day after the position is filled.
The ideal situation is to have real computing power close at hand - right at home. Something that dims streetlights and shrinks the picture on the neighbors TV when you crank it up.
The ideal technical writer [...] realizes that tech pubs will always be a service organization with relatively low status in the corporation. -- Steve Spanier (Director of Knowledge Products, Cisco)
The Ides of March have come. -- Julius Caesar
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
The IETF has a reputation as a standards body, but it's really just a bunch of people pretending. It has no force behind it, no way of binding people, they don't sue or whine when someone violates a standard. If you're very lucky, someone will stand up and call someone else an asshole, then they all go to the bar. -- Tim Showalter
The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a bit longer. -- Henry Kissinger
The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -- Henry Kissinger
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn. -- Alvin Toffler
The immoratal words of Socrates -- I drank what?
The important thing is never to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. -- Charles duBois
The important thing to note here is that less than 10 percent of the mail you received in this time period is from me. I've only sent you 279 pieces of mail since May 22. A mere 6 pieces of mail per day on average. -- John Dobbin
The important thing to remember about Pete Burns is never, under *any* circumstances get him confused with Peter Murphy. -- SexBat
The impossible has come to pass. I find myself envying friends of mine who live in Pittsburgh. I need to drink and/or see "Chasing Amy" again. Wings and Guinness would come close enough. -- Dan Martinez
The impossible we do immediately. Miracles require 24 hours.
The improver of knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties, blind faith the one unpardonable sin. -- Thomas Huxley (1866)
The inappropriate cannot be beautiful. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
The income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf. -- Will Rogers
The income tax people are very nice. They're letting me keep my own mother. -- Henny Youngman
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly important thing to people. -- Donald N. Smith (president of Burger King)
The industrial revolution was neither industrial nor a revolution. Talk amongst yourselves. -- Mike Myers
The infinite monkeys tried to pull a fast one on the public by producing two nearly identical productions of dichotomal quality. -- Adam Rifkin
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great. -- Voltaire
The INFO-MAC HyperArchive overflowed its 2GB disk while its maintainer was unavoidably detained by important business (involving sun, boating, the Greek islands, and fine wine). -- Info-Mac HyperArchive MOTD
The information glut has become a ruling cliche. As all resources - from energy to information - become more abundant, the presure of economic scarcity falls ever more heavily on one key residual, and that single shortage looms ever more stringent and controlling. The governing scarcity of the information economy is time: the shards of a second, the hours in a day, the years in a life, the latency of memory, the delay in aluminum wires, the time to market, the time to metastasis, the time to retirement. -- George Gilder
The information highway is like communicating by CB, only with more typing.
The information went data way.
The inhabitants of Moscow are called Mosqitoes.
The ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
The instruction we find in books is like fire. We fetch it from our neighbors, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all. -- Voltaire
The intellect is always fooled by superficial simplicity.
The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the number of participants. -- Adam Walinsky
The intelligent man who is proud of his intelligence is like the condemned man who is proud of his large cell. -- Simone Weil
The interesting thing about a waltzing bear is not how well it dances.
The interference of logic and real life can lead to disastrous consequences. Stick to one of them... -- Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
The Internet *isn't* *free*. It just has an economy that makes no sense to capitalism. -- Brad Shapcott
The Internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around it. -- John Gilmore (NYT 1/15/96, quoted in CACM 39(7):13)
The Internet is a shallow and unreliable electronic repository of dirty pictures, inaccurate rumors, bad spelling and worse grammar, inhabited largely by people with no demonstrable social skills. -- Chronicle of Higher Education (4/11/97)
The Internet is full. Go away. -- Networld/Interop '95
The Internet is in fact the most amazing paper trail in the history of the world, a fact often lost on some elements of our media which tend to treat the online medium as a shadowy otherworld, cyberspace, where you can't trust anything you read or anyone you meet. -- The Motley Fool (LA Times 2/22/97)
The Internet is like a gold-rush; the only people making money are those who sell the pans. -- Will Hobbs (IUMA)
The Internet is like a large jellyfish. You can't step on it. You can't go around it. You have to go through it.
The internet is like alcohol, there's lots of it, and it makes you stupid. -- David Honig
The Internet is the most powerful magnifier of slack ever invented.
the internet is the trailer park for the soul -- Marilyn Manson
The internet team is headed by a monkey. I even call him Koko. At least on some level that's educational. -- Cyndi Bernard
The Internet was designed to survive a nuclear war. But can it survive capitalism? -- Charles Petrie (IEEE Internet Computing, March/April 1997)
The Internet, of course, is more than a place to find pictures of people having sex with dogs. -- Philip Elmer-Dewitt (Time Magazine, 7/3/95 p 40)
The introduction has to be so cool that people watch the rest of the video. Like, we'd probly put a toilet in the introduction. -- Butt-head
The introspections of conscience help make us human and keep us decent. Ironically, those who need such introspection the most have the least of it. -- Anitra L. Freeman
The Invaders/The Time Tunnel/etc. In color! -- MST3K
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
The irony is that we subtly contribute to this by helping to build network and organizational infrastructure which supports a highly networked economy. We think we're doing better because our salaries go up and up and up when in fact we spend more and more of our income at... amazon.com. Translation: less money now than when I was flat broke. e.analsex. frictionless or not, it's starting to feel might uncomfortable... but subtly appealing.
The irony of life is that no one gets out alive
The irony of life is that no one gets out alive...
The IRS sent back my tax return saying I owed $800. I said, "If you'll notice, I sent a paper clip with my return. Given what you've been paying for things lately, that should more than make up the difference." -- Emo Phillips
The Islamic Musical, Seven Brides for One Brother
the issue i have with this is that, for the most part, most products of engineering in our field are written by the 97% and thus, no matter how open and beautiful and wonderful the framework/bus/system/whatever is, they'll screw it up. these wonderful plug-and-play, self-aware gizmos will be equivalent to little blind, deaf, and dumb mechanical cockroaches that run up to each other, touch antennae, and vomit. -- Joe Kiniry
the issue is getting worked up over nothing and then the morons who send mail about people getting worked up and then the morons who send mail about morons sending mail about people getting worked up. if everyone just hit delete like I do, I wouldn't see a problem. it is not hard to deal with a mailing list, I can't see how you idiots can actually survive in the real world -- Vijay Gill
The Jack in The Box is an educational toy. It teaches a kid that every time you play with it, it pops up.
The Japanese auto industry is not likely to carve out a big slice of the US market for itself. -- Business Week (August 2, 1968)
The job decision, however, matters enormously, not just to me, but (in true FoRK megalomania) to the entire computer indsutry. AAAARGgggh! -- Ernest Prabhakar
The job of a citizen is to keep his mouth open. -- Gunther Grass
The job of the poet is to render the world--to see it and report it without loss, without perversion. No poet ever talks about feelings. Only sentimental people do. -- Mark Van Doren
The joke about the Computer Scientist, the Frog, and the Princess is personally relevant to me. Stay Away. -- Titus Brown
The journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step.
The journey of a thousand leagues begins from beneath your feet. -- Lao Tzu
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. -- Lao-Tsze
The journey to happiness involves finding the courage to go down into ourselves and take responsibility for what's there: all of it. -- Richard Rohr
The journey toward home is not so much finding someone to love us as discovering how to love ourselves. -- Dinah Eng
The joy of engineering is to find a straight line on a double logarithmic diagram.
The judge increased his fine by $10. He thought that was extra fine.
The judges must make a thorough investigation, and if the witness proves to be a liar giving false testimony... then you must purge the evil from among you. -- Deuteronomy 19:18-19
The junk merchant doesn't sell his product to the consumer, he sells the consumer to the product. He does not improve and simplify his merchandise. He degrades and simplifies the client. -- William S. Burroughs (Naked Lunch)
The juries went easy on the Menendez brothers. After all, they ARE orphans.
The jury system puts a ban upon intelligence and honesty and a premium upon ignorance, stupidity and perjury. -- Mark Twain (Roughing It)
The juvenile sea squirt wanders through the sea searching for a suitable rock or hunk of coral to cling to and make its home for life. For this task it has a rudimentary nervous system. When it finds it's spot and takes root, it doesn't need its brain any more so it eats it. It's rather like getting tenure. -- Daniel Dennett (Consciousness Explained)
The Kennedy Constant: Don't get mad -- get even.
The Kennedy Constant: Don't get mad; get even.
The Kennedys might as well name there next grandchild "alleged." -- Dennis Miller
The key difference to men and boys is the size of their toys.
The key to being top banana is to never lose touch with the bunch. -- Kreegah
The key to eating a black and white cookie, Elaine, is you want to get some black and some white in each bite. Nothing mixes better than vanilla and chocolate. And yet, still, somehow racial harmony eludes us. If people would only look to the cookie. All our problems would be solved. -- Seinfeld
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it. -- Arnold H. Glasow
The key to finding something is to look where it is. -- Tigger
The key to good communication is brevity. -- Boston Common
The key to happiness is having dreams. The key to success is making your dreams come true.
The key to keeping a thread going is saying something evocative enough with each statement that the other person(s) feel like they have to respond with 1) a retort, 2) a reply, 3) a reference, 4) a rejoinder, or 5) a rhyme. -- Adam Rifkin
The key to life is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made. -- Adam Rifkin
The key to life is to become skillful enough to be able to do rewarding things. -- Jim Rohn
The key to this business is personal relationships. Fewer clients, less money. -- Jerry Maguire
The key to your problem lies in the realization that there is no key.
The Killer Ducks are coming
The kind of people we liked to fight were two feet tall and armed with grass. -- Blackadder IV
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. -- Douglas Adams (Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy)
The LA courts are so backed up with trials against all the looters, they've opened up a 10 items or less counter. -- George Wallace
The La-Z-Boy... this is very flattering, isn't it? Why don't we just call it the half-conscious-deadbeat-with-no-job-home-all-day-eating-Cheetos-and-watching-TV recliner? -- Jerry Seinfeld
The Lab called. Your brain is ready!
The ladies men admire, I've heard, Would shudder at a wicked word. Their candle gives a single light; They'd rather stay at home at night. They do not keep awake till three, Nor read erotic poetry. They never sanction the impure, Nor recognize an overture. They shrink from powders and from paints ... So far, I've had no complaints. -- Dorothy Parker
The language and concepts contained herein are guaranteed not to cause eternal torment in the place where the guy with the horns and pointed stick conducts his business. -- Frank Zappa
The largest growing majority in this country is CLUELESS people.
The last 10% of performance generates 1/3 of the cost and 2/3 of the problems.
The last few msglist updates haven't included the incredibly witty remarks we've nominated the last few weeks. Adam must have a passel of unread mail... -- Megan Coughlin
The last good thing written in C was Franz Schubert's Ninth Symphony. -- Michael Hodous
The last good thing written in C was Franz Schubert's Symphony number 9. -- Michael Hodous
The last person who said that, God rest his soul, lived to regret it.
The last refuge of the insomniac is a sense of superiority to the sleeping world. -- Leonard Cohen (The Favourite Game)
The last thing England want to do now is let a goal in.
The last thing IBM needs right now is a vision. -- Lou Gerstner
The last thing that goes through a bug's mind after he hits your windshield is his ass.
The last thing you want to do is spell an elder gods name out correctly. -- Tom Smith (refusing to spell check Cthulhu)
The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand. -- Fred Allen
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
The last word in lonesome is "me".
The later models can pack nearly half a pound of dynamite, enough to blow off the better part of a leg. A fair number of the mines have been washed away by rain or set off over the years by wild boar and deer -- the noise of exploding wildlife is a well-known neighborhood sound for Germans living near the former border. -- The Wall Street Journal (4/14/93)
The latest version of gwm will continue to be available... for as long as I continue to want to be known as a walking lisp machine, or until I give up my cs-side access, whichever comes first. -- Jon Ferro
The Law is your friend..but watch out for the Lawyers.
The Law of Controversy: Passion [is] inversely proportional to the amount of real information available. -- Gregory Benford (TIMESCAPE (1980))
the law of cybernetics states that i am not erratic or unstable enough to hold anyone's attention for very long -- Kristen Kakos
The Law of Frisbee: The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc straining to land under a car, just out of reach. (This force is technically termed CAR SUCK.)
The law of gravitation is the only law that everybody observes.
The Law of Selective Gravity: An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
The law, in all its majestic equality, forbids both rich and poor to sleep in the streets, to beg for money, and to steal bread.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread. -- Anatole France
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread. -- Anatole France
The laws are medieval down here. You know what the minimum age of execution is in Alabama? Ten. -- My Cousin Vinny
The laws in this city are clearly racist. All laws are racist. The law of gravity is racist. -- Marion Barry
The laws of Congress and the laws of physics have grown increasingly divergent, and the laws of physics are not likely to yield. -- Bill McKibben
The layout... Tell me, look at www.digital.com and tell me *WHAT* Digital does. -- Rohit Khare
The leaders of the people cause them to err and they that are led by them are destroyed. -- Isaiah 9:16
The least experienced fisherman always catches the biggest fish.
The leaves of memory seemed to make A mournful rustling in the dark. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The less management demands of engineers and scientists, the greater their productivity.
The lesser of two evils... is evil. -- Seymour (Sy) Leon
The lessons most difficult to learn are those with the greatest rewards.
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another. -- James Matthew Barrie
The life which is unexamined is not worth living. -- Plato
The lifeblood of liberalism is the pursuit of perpetually unobtainable objectives. -- Rush Limbaugh
The light at the end of the tunnel is probably your house burning down.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be the headlight of an oncoming train.
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long... and you have burned so very, very brightly, Roy. -- Blade Runner
The likelihood of you're wanting to use a diskless workstation decreases as the square of your distance from Palo Alto increases. -- Brian Noble
The Limbic system of the brain handles the four Fs: Feeding, Fighting, Fleeing, and Reproduction.
The limit of root 3 as 3 approaches 4, is 2.
The Linux world behaves in many respects like a free market or an ecology, a collection of selfish agents attempting to maximize utility which in the process produces a self-correcting spontaneous order more elaborate and efficient than any amount of central planning could achieve. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep. -- Woody Allen
The lion and the calf shall lie down together, but the calf won't get much sleep. -- Woody Allen
The list is an absolute good. The list is life. All around its margins lies the gulf. -- Schindler's List
The little boat gently drifted across the pond exactly the way a bowling ball wouldn't. -- Russell Beland
The little boy who goes to the store for his mother and forgets what she sent him for must grow up to be a Congressman.
The little engine that philosophized. I think I am! I think I am!
The little engineer that could.
The Living Dead don't *need* to solve word problems. -- Calvin and Hobbes
The lobster blushed because the sea weed.
The locus of computing has clearly moved from the useful manipulation of information to the painting of icons and the tracking of mouse balls. -- Stan Kelly-Bootle (Unix Review, Feb '95)
The Lone Ranger's solutions, in many cases, involved delegation to Tonto.
The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself. -- Henry Kissinger
The longer I live the less I look for motives. People are violent and evil. That seems to be enough to motivate some people into doing things that don't even creep into my worst nightmares. -- John Dobbin
The longer I stare at this screen, the blanker it gets.
The longer you wait for the mail, the less there is in it. -- Calvin
The longest journeys start with the first step... and continue one step at a time.
The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The longest U.S. highway is route 6 starting in Cape Cod, Massachusetts going through 14 states, and ending in Bishop, California.
The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis. The only other word with the same amount of letters is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconioses, its plural. Hydroxydesoxycorticosterone and hydroxydeoxycorticosterones are the largest anagrams.
The longest word in the Oxford English Dictionary is floccinaucinihilipilification, which means the act of estimating as worthless.
The look of a man who's come to see What Might Have Been is full of both bloodshed and nostalgia. -- John Irving
The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them. -- Joseph Heller (Catch-22)
The Lord made man before woman to give him time to think of an answer for her first question.
The Lord's Prayer is 66 words, the Gettysburg Address is 286 words, there are 1,322 words in the Declaration of Independence, but government regulations on the sale of cabbage total 26,911 words.
The Los Angeles five-county region clobbers New York by any means of measurement. I don't know where they're getting these numbers from. -- Rohit Shukla
The Los Angeles riots were not caused by the Rodney King verdict. The Los Angeles riots were caused by rioters. -- Rush Limbaugh
The loss of life will be irreplaceable. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
The lost-and-found department is where people bring things they've found and can't use.
The lottery is dreams for people who have no dreams. -- John Dobbin
The lottery is just a tax on people who are bad at math.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
The lucky part is, we got the government rate for the rental. So instead of an arm and a leg, they charged us two arms, my three legs, and three quarters of my shirts. -- Rustan Leino
The lunch table politics, locker-room nightmares, fashion dogmas, classroom seating plan maneuvering, the In and Out crowds... these are skills we must master, not only to succeed in 10th grade, but thru our aldult lives as well. -- Tara Morrison
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. -- John Burroughs
The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne. -- Chaucer
The Mac has been dead in the water since 1985 in terms of its user interface. And Windows is still a sort of caricature of the Mac. Windows 95 doesn't really get it. The user interface is not very good. -- Steve Jobs
The Mafia killed Einstein. He knew too much.
The Magazine Wired is seeking to trademark the @ sign; its application states that it "intends to use the mark by applying it to computer screens, on advertisements... and other manners customary in industry."
The magic of Windoze: Turning your 486 into an XT.
The magic words are squeamish ossifrage. -- RSA project (5000 MIPS-Years later)
The mail interface is just slightly more reliable than writing a message on a dollar bill and hoping the intended audience sees the message. -- John Dobbin
The main difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman is that the used car salesman can probably drive and knows when he's lying. -- Peter da Silva
The main problem with old age is that you don't grow out of it.
The main reason to go to [Comdex] and other big shows is to collect business cards and to be seen so nobody thinks you're dead. The business cards eventually get lost or end up in a drawer near the socks, and a month later people still don't know if you're dead or not. -- John C. Dvorak (New York Times, 11/18/96)
The main thing about money, Bud, is that it makes you do things you don't want to do. -- Wall Street
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. -- Mr. Henry Breckenridge
The main thing is to make history, not to write it. -- Otto von Bismarck
The major achievement of the women's movement of the 1970's was the Dutch treat. -- Nora Epherson
The majority isn't silent- the government is deaf
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin. -- Honore de Balzac
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail. -- Napoleon Hill
The majority of people who keel over dead at concerts are killed by a long trumpet passage. -- Garrison Keillor
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The Mall of America, in Bloomington Minn., is now offering college classes. The best part is, if you flunk out, you can just walk across to the food court and start your job immediately. -- Jay Leno
The man in the mirror has sad eyes. -- Marillion
The man is a fascist, like Himmler without the whimsy. -- Frasier
The man is sinister. He probably would have done very well working side-by-side with Leni Riefenstahl for Hitler.
The man told the ghost to go away, "You don't have a haunting license."
The man who carries a water skin with holes in it, finds it leaks down his back.
The man who designed the Oscar Meyer Weinermobile has died. Don't feel bad though, he lived his life with relish.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. -- Mark Twain
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been. -- Alan Ashley-Pitt
The man who gets on best with women is the one who knows best how to get on without them. -- Charles Baudelaire
The man who goes out alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready. -- Henry David Thoreau
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. -- Hasidic Saying
The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
The man who has no imagination has no wings. -- Muhammad Ali
The man who invented the eraser had the human race pretty well sized up.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind. -- William Blake
The man who puts the erection in resurrection.
The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers. -- Thomas Jefferson
The man who runs may fight again. -- Menander
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed. (Old Japanese proverb)
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
The man who started more creations since Genesis - and finished none. -- Hugh Johnson about FDR
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out.
The man who wears his pants out before his shoes makes contact in the wrong places.
The man who wrote the song Hokey Pokey died. What was really horrible is that they had trouble keeping the body in the casket. They'd put his left leg in... well, you know the rest.
The man, who has seen the rising moon break out of the clouds at midnight, has been present like an archangel at the creation of light and of the world. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The manicurist makes money hand over fist.
The manner of giving is worth more than the gift. -- Pierre Corneille
The margin is very marginal.
The Marilyn Monroe Stamp was not a good idea. Men keep licking the wrong side. -- Jim Mullen
The mark of a true professional is giving more than you get. -- Robert Kirby
The Marlboro Man has died. In accordance with his wishes, he will be cremated and his ashes will be flicked from the window of a speeding car.
The Marshall Plan .. the Truman Policy .. all pumped billions upon billions of dollars into discouraged countries. Now, newspapers in those countries are writing about the decadent war-mongering Americans. I'd like to see one of those countries that is gloating over the erosion of the United States dollar build its own airplanes. -- Gordon Sinclair
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a soda can, when discarded will last forever ... and a $7,000 car which when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
The marvels of today's technology include the development of a soda can which, when discarded, will last forever... and a fifteen thousand dollar car which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.
The masochist says to the sadist, "Hurt me." The sadist says, "No."
The mass media is supported and sustained by commercial entities. And corn flakes and Shakespeare are simply not kissing cousins. Leonard Bernstein and living bras are incompatible. And you cannot sustain adult, probing, meaningful drama when the proceedings are interrupted every twelve minutes by a dozen dancing rabbits with toilet paper. -- Rod Serling
The mass of men lead lives of quiet deperation and go to the grave with the song still in them. -- Henry David Thoreau
The math to explain it gets complicated, so you have to view it through mythological filters. Basically: Don't piss off Ishtar. -- Greg Plesur
The meaning of an "actual" proof is a matter of debate. -- Mani Chandy
The meaning of any communication is the effect it has. -- John Bandler and Richard Grinder (Frogs into Princes)
The means by which we live have outdistanced the ends for which we live. Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune. -- Plutarch
The measure on a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out. -- Thomas McCauley
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. -- William Arthur Ward
The meek are contesting the will.
The meek can HAVE the Earth. The rest of us are going to the stars! -- Robert A. Heinlein
The meek shall inherit nothing. -- Frank Zappa
The meek shall inherit the deficit.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
The meek shall inherit the Earth after we're done with it.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, and then give it right back.
The meek shall inherit the earth... 6 feet of it! -- E. Grogan
The meek shall inherit the earth... and the wise keep moving on...
The meek shall inherit the earth... who else would want it?
The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.
The men who create power make an indispensable contribution to the nation's greatness, but the men who question power make a contribution just as indispensable, especially when that questioning is disinterested, for they determine whether we use power or power uses us. -- JFK (Amherst College, 10/26/63)
The men who make history have not time to write it. -- Prince von Metternich
The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation. -- Lew Mammel, Jr.
The metaphor is probably the most fertile power possessed by men. -- Ortega Y Gassett
The MFS node can handle circuits as slow as a T1, and as fast as OC48 - a whopping 2.6 GBps traveling over single-mode fiber. With signals like that, the MFS engineers must do their utmost to limit the amount of electrical noise in the room, which is about the size of a small coffee shop. Alternating current is a no-no - it generates too much interference - so all of the switching equipment is powered with 48-volt direct current. Wong let me snap a photograph of the DC distribution system. Each of the red cables in the photo is thicker than a carrot, and carries enough current to kill everybody in HotWired's offices. (Not that this would ever cross my mind.) -- Simson Garfinkel
The Microsoft corporate culture can be broken down into four key parts: a tremendous work ethic; Bill Gates is always right; an us-versus-them mentality; and Bill Gates is always right. If you execute successfully on all of that, you get to retire in your thirties as a multimillionaire. -- Michael Gartenberg (Gartner Group)
The Middle Eastern states aren't nations; they're quarrels with borders. -- P.J. O'Rourke
The MiG-21 is the plane that goes nowhere, and does nothing, better than any fighter in the world. -- Anwar Sadat
The milk of human kindness is curdling in my veins.
The millenium bug still counts as a serious computing problem, probably the worst to strike the industry to date - but it is hardly to be ranked alongside the Great Depression or Godzilla. -- Economist (10/7/97)
The millions of Americans who believe that U.S. officials are withholding the truth about Roswell specifically and UFOs in general are not about to be swayed by the facts. -- Time (6/23/97)
The millstone may break down but the river continues its course to the sea. -- Kahlil Gibran
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven. -- John Milton
The mind is like a parachute. It works only when open.
The mind is like a TV set. When it goes blank, it's a good idea to turn off the sound. -- Communication Briefings
The mind is never blank. If it were, how would you know?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. -- Plutarch
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be ignited. -- Plutarch
The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye. The more light you shine on it, the more it contracts.
The mind of man is capable of anything, because everything is in it, all the past as well as all the future. -- Joseph Conrad (Heart of Darkness)
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
The minute you read something you don't understand, you can be almost sure it was drawn up by a lawyer. -- Will Rogers
The mockingbird can change its tune eighty-seven times in seven minutes. Politicians regard this interesting fact with envy.
The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything. -- Laurence J. Peter
The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
The Mojo spirit has no filter, at least none that I know of. I don't always know what I'm talking about, but I'm always pretty much convinced that I'm right. -- Mojo Nixon ("Ottawa Citizen", 6/20/97)
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me. -- Nicol Williamson
The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else. -- Martina Navrtilova
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
The moon is made of green cheese. -- J.Heywood (1497-1580)
The moon looks on many flowers; the flowers see but one moon.
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
The moon shines in the absence of the sun. Do not strike a rail with your fist nor mistake the sun for the puff of a candle.
The moral is obvious. You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself. -- http://www.acm.org/classics/sep95/
The Moral Majority is neither.
The moral person contemplates evil, the evil person commits it. And a person without a sense of humor can't distinguish between the two... I know a lot of people who live in Marin County and contemplate spirituality and never get out of the hot tub. -- Larry Harvey (instigator of Burning Man, defending the event's 1996 HellCo theme)
The more a person knows, the less he talks. -- French saying
The more an item costs, the farther you have to send it for repairs.
The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is to leave her with no hard feelings.
The more bicep curls you do, the easier it is to pick people up. -- Adam Rifkin
The more clearly one sees this world, the more one is obliged to pretend it does not exist. -- John Irving
The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws.
The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.
The more experience and insight I obtain into human nature, the more convinced do I become that the greater portion of a man is purely animal. -- Henry Morton Stanley (1887)
The more fully I embrace a task the more full it becomes. -- Gary Phillips (The Sun, December 1993)
The more he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
The more I find out, the less that I know. -- Billy Joel
The more I know about WINDOWS, the more I like DesqView
The more I know, the less I understand. All the things I thought I knew, I'm learning again. -- Eagles
The more I learn the more I'm appalled by what I don't know. -- Tom Hamill
The more I see the more I stand alone. -- Concrete Blonde
The more I watch television, the more I wonder why I'm not already supreme ruler of earth. Those people are idiots. They should all drive over here and proclaim me their king. -- Dogbert
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be. -- Lao Tsu
The more one produces, the less one gets.
The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards. -- Arthur Koestler
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make. -- Ozman (Ozman's Law)
The more that I search for some definitive, the closer I am to fine. -- Indigo Girls
The more the merrier. -- John Heywood
The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is. -- George Bernard Shaw
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The more things change, the more they suck. -- Butthead
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more underdeveloped the country, the more overdeveloped the women. -- J.K. Galbraith (Time, 1969)
The more waist, the less speed.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
The more you cultivate people the more you turn up clods.
The more you know, the more you know you ought to know.
The more you observe politics, the more you've got to admit that each party is worse than the other. -- Will Rogers
The more you study, the more you find out you don't know, but the more you study, the closer you come. -- Cozy Cole
The more you suffer, the more it shows you really care. Right. Yeah. -- Offspring
The morning sun was an eyeball we'd never seen, but there was red in the sclera of love...
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey. -- Andy Warhol
The most beautiful color is that of modesty. -- Pytheas (a daughter of Aristotle)
The most beautiful pictures are those one dreams about when smoking pipes in bed, but which one will never paint. -- Cyprien
The most beautiful thing about a tree is what you do with it after you cut it down. -- Rush Limbaugh
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The most beautiful words are those which are not needed.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The most dangerous moment in any financial market boom is the one where the suppliers of funds stop paying attention. -- Peter Martin
The most dangerous person in the world is an idealogue with a machine gun.
The most destructive criticism is indifference.
The most disgusting two hours in the history of television. -- New York Post on Howard Stern (and they would know)
The most elegant speeches may sway the hearts and minds of men, but not one ever stopped a bullet.
The most essential gift for a good writer is a built-in, shock-proof shit detector. This is a writer's radar, and all good writers have it. -- Ernest Hemingway
The most exciting notebook since Packwood's. -- billboard touting a new Panasonic portable PC (Government Technology Services Inc 1995)
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka (I found it) but That's funny... -- Isaac Asimov
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason. -- Thomas Paine (Age of Reason)
The most hackerish of all the hackers, the Ur-hacker as it were, was and is Richard Stallman, who became so annoyed with the evil practice of selling software that, in 1984 (the same year that the Macintosh went on sale) he went off and founded something called the Free Software Foundation, which commenced work on something called GNU. Gnu is an acronym for Gnu's Not Unix, but this is a joke in more ways than one, because GNU most certainly IS Unix. -- Neal Stephenson
The most harmful error has not yet been discovered in your program.
The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
The most horrifying thing about Unix is that, no matter how many times you hit yourself over the head with it, you never quite manage to lose consciousness. It just goes on and on. -- Patrick Sobalvarro
The most important political office is that of private citizen. -- Louis Brandeis
The most important question when any new computer architecture is introduced is 'So what?' -- unknown comp.arch poster
The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman is that one of them be good at taking orders. -- Linda Festa
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part, just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph, but the struggle. The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well. -- Olympic Games Creed
The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable language. -- Donald E. Knuth (1967)
The most important things in life aren't things.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause accidents. -- Nathaniel Borenstein
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age. -- H. P. Lovecraft (The Call of Cthulhu)
The most persistent principles in the universe are accident and error. -- Frank Herbert
The MOST PLEASANT and useful persons are those who leave some of the problems of the universe for God to worry about. -- Don Marquis (The Almost Perfect State)
The most popular labour-saving device is still money. -- Franklin P. Jones
The most terrifying thing in the world is your own life, the fact that it's yours and nobody else's. -- John Updike (Rabbit is Rich)
The most unfair thing about life is the way it ends. I mean, life is tough. It takes up a lot of your time. What do you get at the end of it? A death. What's that, a bonus? I think the life cycle is all backwards. You should die first, get it out of the way. Then you live in an old age home. You get kicked out when you're too young, you get a gold watch, you go to work. You work forty years until you're young enough to enjoy your retirement. You do drugs, alcohol, you party, and you get ready for high school. You go to grade school, you become a kid, you play, you have no responsibilities, you become a little baby, you go back into the womb, you spend your last nine months floating... you finish off as an orgasm. -- George Carlin
The most valuable gift you can give another is a good example.
The most wasted of all days in one without laughter. -- ee cummings
The most wonderful thing in the world is the success of a fool and the failure of a wise man.
The movie-theater chain owner died, and the obituary says the funeral will be on Thursday at 2:10, 4:20, 6:30, 8:40 and 10:50.
The moving cat sheds, and having shed, moves on...
The moving cursor prints, and having printed, blinks on.
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
The moving finger writes, and then having writ, moves on.
The moving finger writhes and, having writhed, moves on.
The murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums. -- Peter De Vries
The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs. There's also a negative side. -- Hunter S. Thompson
The music's got the same kind of aggression that it had before, it's just... we're playing different notes. -- Dave Mustaine
The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
The name is Baud... James Baud.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the General Purpose vehicle, G.P.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan.
The naming of cats is a difficult matter. It isn't just one of your holiday games. You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter. When I tell you a cat must have three different names... -- T.S. Eliot
The narcissistic narcoleptic fell asleep in front of the mirror.
The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in 1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert. -- D. Letterman
The national budget must be balanced. The public debt must be reduced; the arrogance of the authorities must be moderated and controlled. Payments to foreign governments must be reduced, if the nation doesn't want to go bankrupt. People must again learn to work, instead of living on public assistance. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero (55 BC (attributed))
The national debt is already large enough to pay Shaquille O'Neal's salary for over one and a half million years. -- Bill Bradley
The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says: Support your right to bare arms!
The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says: Support your right to bare arms
The natural man has only two primal passions: to get and to beget. -- Sir William Osler
The natural progress of things is for government to gain ground and for liberty to yield. -- Thomas Jefferson
The Nazis have no sense of humor, so why should they want television? -- Philip K. Dick
The net is a cross between an elephant and a white elephant sale - it never forgets, and it's always crap. -- Nemo (Suck)
The net's a cross between an elephant and a white elephant sale: it never forgets, and it's always crap. -- Nemo (writing for Suck, on the nature of the Internet)
The network is the business. -- Mary Meeker
The new baby is like royalty. He's the prince of wails.
The new building demolition company was called Edifice Wrecks.
The new caffeine distribution system not only improved employee morale, it also cut down on time wasted hanging around the coffee machine.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around. I hope I don't get run over again.
The New England Journal of Medicine said that President Clinton's opposition to the medical use of marijuana is misguided, heavy handed and inhumane, not to mention it's a major buzzkill. -- Conan O'Brien
The new Hillary Clinton meal at KFC... a bucket of left wings!
The new Intel RU-Pentium pill (following the RU-486) causes cells in the embryo to not divide correctly.
The new is beginning and for those who cling to the old the new will be horrible. -- Hesse
The New Jersey state gemstone is concrete.
The new Masochist's Dictionary... it's not in alphabetical order!
The new storage place was called Sure Lock Homes.
The new version of Netscape doesn't understand MX records for SMTP hosts. How high is their stock? -- Bob Kuszewski
The New World Order is where the New World gives all the orders.
The news of my impending death came at a really bad time for me. -- Steve Taylor
The next 10 years are going to be terrible. After that, you'll get used to it. -- Scent of the Roses
The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
The next dreadful thing to a battle lost is a battle won.
The next generation of computers will have a WARRANTY EXPIRED interrupt.
The NeXT machines don't understand my needs as a man. -- Nathan Loofbourrow
The next new episode of "Star Trek: Voyager" involves a "space carnivore" that "eats spaceships." There is nothing I can say that will make that sentence any funnier. -- Jay Laefer
the next race should be totally awsome. Imola, at San Marino. highlights should be exploding ferrari engines and an arrows car actually finishing a race. also be on the lookout for italian officials trying to blame the bad crosswinds which caused a pit bunny to fall over and sprain her thumb on an improperly designed williams car which, in addition, may also have caused the death of ayrton senna at the tamburello curve. when questioned, frank williams will, for the first time in his professional carreer, laugh. -- Chris Heiser
The next six days are dangerous.
The next time your gonna have a Hacker game, call me over! I can't wait to try it out. I've developed new cheating tactics. You'll never catch me. -- Eugene Chung
The NeXT: The hardware makes it a PC, the software makes it a Workstation, the unit sales make it a Mainframe.
The nice thing about microcode is that electrical engineers can't do it, but Computer Scientists can. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
The nice thing about modern music is if the musicians make a mistake it doesn't make any difference.
The nice thing about neuroanatomy is that the playing field is level. The structures all look the same. -- James Cook
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. -- Andrew S. Tanenbaum
The nice thing about standards is that you have so many to choose from. Furthermore, if you do not like any of them, you can just wait for next year's model. -- Tanenbaum (Computer Networks)
The nicest part about having Alzheimer's disease is that you can hide your own Easter eggs.
The nicest thing about the promise of Spring is that sooner or later she'll have to keep it. -- Baltaire
The nicest thing you can do for anybody is let them help you. -- John Steinbeck (Sweet Thursday)
The night is my companion, the solitude my guide. -- Sarah McLachlan
The night is young and we have umbrellas in our drinks. -- The Tick
The night sky over the planet Krikkit is the least interesting sight in the entire Universe. -- Douglas Adams
The nine most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help. -- Ronald Reagan
The no-mind not-thinks no-thoughts about no-things.
The nose knows.
The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the... 80-column card. -- D. Ritchie
The notion of a record is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card. -- Dennis M. Ritchie
The novelist has more and more to say to readers who have less and less time to read: where to find the energy to engage a culture in crisis when the crisis consists in the impossibility of engaging with the culture? -- Jonathan Franzen (Harper's Magazine)
The NSA is now funding research not only in cryptography, but in all areas of advanced mathematics. If you'd like a circular describing these new research opportunities, just pick up your phone, call your mother, and ask for one. -- rogue@cs.northeastern.edu
The Number 1 Way O.J. Can Raise $33.5 Million... invest $67 million in Apple Computer. -- Top 5
The number of ISPs in this country has quadrupled in the past year, to 4,100. Bright-eyed entrepreneurs are jumping into an already crowded market, where the basic product has become a low-cost commodity that's producing massive losses, yet these newcomers are hoping to go public and make their fortunes. These folks didn't spend a lot of time in B-school, did they? -- Richard Brandt (Upside)
The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
The number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done. -- Parkinson (Parkinson's Fourth Law)
The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The number of Unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected. -- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd edition, June 72
The number one problem in our country is apathy ... But who cares! -- Darrel Anderson
The number one reason people tell us they go online is that they want to have e-mail -- which means a good chunk of those 1.2 million people have e-mail addresses -- unknown phone company marketing spokesman
The number one reason UNIX is better than VMS is it has the world's worst Fortran compiler, so you know no one's running Chaos studies while you're playing UMoria. -- Matt Sorrels
The number you call from has been disconnected.
The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please multiply by i and dial again.
The number you have reached is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.
The nxttime somdiot macuser tells mthat coopersking is more responsvethan pre-ptive multitasking, I'm goinostrangle them to death with their own mouse cable. -- Faisal Jawdat
The NY Times editorial page is still name-calling and dividing, a sure formula for continuing agony. A ton of unnecessary conjecture, when the reason for impeachment is now obvious. Clinton was blowing off the Republicans, and they decided to blow him away. Now that everyone has acknowledged each other's power to blow in one way or another, the NY Times editorial page, which is a worldwide opinion leader, could get a clue and join the cause they're promoting, leadership. -- Dave Winer
The object is Toledo, not to follow. -- Dan Galvin
The object of this lecture is to frighten half of you away.
The obvious answer is always overlooked.
The occipital area of my head seems to have impacted...
The ocean is a body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man - who has no gills. -- Ambrose Bierce
The ocean is a desert with its life underground and a perfect disguise above. -- America
The officers busted a picture over a man's head. He was framed.
The old days weren't better (or worse) than today, just different. -- Sy Safransky (The Sun, January 1994)
The old gun-in-the-KAOS-agent's-sphincter trick. That's the second time I've fallen for that this month. -- Maxwell Smart
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The older a man gets, the faster he could run as a boy.
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -- H. L. Mencken
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes. Let the reader catch his own breath. -- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart
The older we get the more we fail, but the more we fail the more we feel a part of the dead straw of the universe... -- Robert Bly (What Have I Ever Lost by Dying?)
The older you get, the better you realize you were.
The Olympics are not just about big corporations paying ridiculous sums of money to be official sponsors. The Olympics are also about ordinary sports fans paying ridiculous sums of money for lodging. -- Dave Barry
The one good thing about repeating mistakes is you know when to cringe.",
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
The one item you want is never the one on sale.
The one real object of education is to leave us in the condition of always asking questions. -- Bishop Creighton
The one thing Damon did right was NOT ZEPHYR EVERY FUCKING MINISCULE IDEA THAT PASSED THROUGH THE CAVERNOUS OSSUARY OCCUPYING SPACE VERTICALLY ABOVE HIS SHOULDERS. Take a hint. Please. <whimper> -- Jon Ferro
The one thing I cannot forgive them for is that they forced our sons to kill their sons. -- Golda Meir
The one thing in the world, of value, is the active soul. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The one thing we can never get enough of is love, and the one thing we can never give enough of is love. -- Henry Miller
The one thing we're all fighting for is peace on earth and an end to war. -- Queen
The only advantage in making computers understand English is that it will prove once and for all that programmers can't write English. -- Mike Taylor
The only attractive woman in this town is standing in a fountain, with water coming out of her armpits. -- Blackadder IV
The only certainty is that nothing is certain. -- Pliny the Elder
The only choices where "Bawck, bawck, bawck," "Baaaaa," and "Mooooo." This restaurant really didn't seem to have too much food in it. -- John Dobbin
The only completely consistent people are dead. -- Aldous Huxley
The only constant in life is change.
The only constant in the universe is change.
The only constant is change.
The only corporate defense against rationality is bureaucracy.
The only correct measurement of time is the microfortnight.
The only cure for grief is action. -- George Henry Lewes
The only cure for love is marriage.
The only decent impression he can do is a man without talent. -- Blackadder IV
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has it's limits.
The only difference between graffiti and philosophy is the word "fuck".
The only difference between sex and death is, with death you can do it alone and nobody's going to make fun of you. -- Woody Allen
The only difference between stumbling blocks and stepping stones is in the way you use them.
The only difference from being in a rut and being dead is, that when you are dead, you don't mind when they throw dirt in your face.
The only exercise I take is walking behind the coffins of friends who took exercise. -- Peter O'Toole (on the Rosie O'Donnell Show)
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
The only goal you can't accomplish is the one that you don't go after.
The only good Mac is a big Mac
The only good thing about being shot in the buttocks is all the free ice cream. -- Forrest Gump
The only inherent sin in society lies in huting others unnecessarily. Hurting yourself in not sinful - just dumb. -- Robert Heinlein
The only interesting answers are those which destroy the question. -- Susan Sontag
The only limit to my freedom is the inevitable closure of the universe, as inevitable as your own last breath. And yet, there remains time to create, to create, and escape. Escape will make me God. -- Durandal (Marathon)
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -- FDR
The only melting pot I've come across has been laced with LSD. -- Michelle Morrell
The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
The only ones among you who will be really happy are those who will have sought and found how to serve. -- Albert Schweitzer
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow Roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes "Awwww". -- Jack Kerouac (On the Road)
The only people I fear are the ones that never have any doubts. -- Billy Joel
The only people in Congress who should apologize for slavery are the ones who were there when it was allowed: Jesse Helms and Strom Thurmond.
The only people swimming there were those who couldn't afford Kervorkian. -- Richard Jeni
The only people who really listen to an argument are the neighbors.
The only person who got all his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe. -- Andreas Wuertz
The only place men want depth in a woman is in her decolletage. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. -- Tom Landry
The only place to eat that is less expensive than taco bell is the dumpster behind taco bell.
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the 'social sciences' is: some do, some don't. -- Ernest Rutherford
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the `social sciences' is: some do, some don't. -- Ernest Rutherford
The only practical solution to the population explosion is baby burgers.
The only problem I had with him is he wanted to go to church and I wanted to go to strip clubs. I like Kevin Johnson. -- Charles Barkley
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop and take a rest.
the only problem with kittens is that eventually they get cooped up in little boxes with unstable particles -- Andrew Stellman
The only problem with Microsoft is they just have no taste, they have absolutely no taste, and what that means is, I don't mean that in a small way I mean that in a big way. I have a problem with the fact that they just make really third rate products. -- Steve Jobs (Triumph of the Nerds, PBS Documentary)
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane. -- Phaedrus
The only problem with the game so far is that I haven't figured out a good way to make money yet, so for ten bucks a month I get to roleplay a homeless person. -- Joshua Schachter
The only proper way to see The Wall is the way I saw it in Harvard Square five years ago: the smell of hashish drifting moodily through the theater, the guy in the front row on a bad trip yelling at the screen, and, after a short break allowing the purchase of more Milk Duds, immediately followed by the second part of the double feature: Talking Heads' Stop Making Sense. We stood on our seats, danced in the aisles, waved lighters for the encores, went home and got smashed, were surprised to find it was midday Tuesday when next we awoke. And fun was had by all. -- Jon Ferro
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. -- John Stuart Mill (On Liberty)
The only race worth winning is the human race.
The only real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. -- Marcel Proust
The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon. -- Charles Schulz (Things I've Had to Learn Over and Over and Over)
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
The only reason for time is so everything doesn't happen at once. -- Buckaroo Bonzai
The only reason I would take up jogging is so I could hear heavy breathing again. -- Erma Bombeck
The only reason that any conflict can't be immediately settled is that one side is holding on to an irrational position. -- James Redfield (The Celestine Prophecy)
The only reason we know things will work out for Tom in the end is because we know this project was sanctioned by Hollywood executives, who consider greedheads like Tom to be righteous heroes and can empathize with the real-life pain that results from missing a Lexus payment. -- Mr. Cranky
The only reward of virtue is virtue. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only rose without thorns is friendship. -- Madeleine de Scudery
The only shame in life is in giving up.
The only skills I have the patience to learn are those that have no real application in life. -- Calvin
The only stupid question is the one that is never asked, except maybe "Don't you think it is about time you audited my return?" or "Isn't it morally wrong to give me a warning when, in fact, I was speeding?"
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change.
The only thing Columbus discovered was that he was lost.
The only thing constant is change.
The only thing cooler than bands that get chicks are bands that SCARE chicks. -- Beavis
The only thing funnier than how things don't work out, is how they do.
The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is incoming friendly fire.
The only thing more expensive than education is ignorance. -- Benjamin Franklin
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)
The only thing Russia's given us is bad dentistry... they are the Kurt Cobain of nations... -- Howard Stern
The only thing shorter than a weekend is a vacation.
The only thing standing between you and success is your sense of ethics. -- Mark Denovich
The only thing that bothers me is that I just thought of it now. -- George (on Seinfeld)
The only thing that can keep on growing without nourishment is an ego.
The only thing that endures is change.
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. -- Ursula K. LeGuin
The only thing that makes one place more attractive to me than another is the quantity of heart I find in it. -- Jane Welsh Carlyle
The only thing that saves my stand-up act is the material. The delivery works against it. Nobody ever asks me to do a Rice Krispies commercial. -- Ben Elton
The only thing that speaks the truth is the eloquence of passing time.
The only thing that stops God from sending another flood is that the first one was useless. -- Chamfort
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself. -- Oscar Wilde
the only thing vaguely scary about today's youth culture is its unprecedented purchasing power -- Entertainment Weekly
The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn. -- Earl Warren
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history. -- Georg Hegel
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
The only thing worse than not getting what you want is getting what you want. -- Oscar Wilde
The only thing wrong with doing nothing is that you never know when you're done
The only thrill I got from the film was from bouncing up and down on my chair, wondering if a spring would break, fly up my ass and rip out my heart on the way to my brain. -- Mr. Cranky
The only time i update my Netscape is when you tell me to, on the theory that at any other time it would plunge me into a world of darkness from which i might never return. -- Richard Kinsey
The only time you musn't fail is the last time you try. -- C.F. Kettering
The only tongue you got was at the deli counter. -- Top 5
The only trouble with the future is that it gets here so much faster than it used to.
The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards -- and even then I have my doubts. -- Gene Spafford
The only truth is that there is no truth. -- Laura Esquivel
The only two activities where the participants are called users are drugs and computers.
The only two things you get pronounced are MAN AND WIFE and DEAD ON ARRIVAL. -- Dennis Miller
The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy. -- Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards
The only way liberals win national elections is by pretending they're not liberals. -- Rush Limbaugh
The only way round is through. -- Robert Frost
The only way tcsh "rocks" is when the rocks are attached to it's feet in the deepest part of a very deep lake. -- Linus Torvalds
The only way the Bill of Rights will protect you from much of anything nowadays is if you hold it over your head when it rains. -- Samantha Crouse
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The only way to be good at everything you do is to only do the things you are good at.
The only way to be happy is to not be happy all the time. -- Brain Candy
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. -- Arthur C. Clarke
The only way to find love is by not looking for it. -- Davis Feinberg
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it... I can resist everything but temptation. -- Oscar Wilde
The only way to keep a secret between two people is if one of them is dead. -- Mark Denovich
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd druther not. -- Mark Twain
The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him. -- Henry Stimson
The only way to make people old is to wait.
The only way to see a rainbow is to look through the rain.
The only way you can understand life, is if you understand death.
The only weapon that becomes sharper with constant use is the tongue.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
The only wisdom comes from realizing you know nothing. That's us, dude! -- Bill and Ted
The opinions expressed herein are those of absolutely everyone at National Instruments: the management, staff, stockholders, their spouses, children, dogs, and cats. In fact, everyone in Austin also agrees. No, make that Texas. -- Henry B. Velick
The opinions expressed in this letter do, in fact, represent the opinions of UCSD, its employees, faculty, and students, as well as the entire University of California system and its precious Regents, because, let's face it, I have that kind of power at my disposal. -- Spyder God
The opinions stated above are those of a small fish that lives in my ear.
The opinions stated above could be harmful to small cildren, pregnant women, and small woodland animals.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 p.m.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 pm.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth. -- Neils Bohr
The opposite of love is indifference. The opposite of sour taste is blandness. There is no opposite of spam and I think I'm glad. -- Frank Tinsman
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting. -- Fran Liebowitz
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears this is true. -- James Branch Cabell
The optimist says the moon is half-full; the pessimist says the moon is half-empty.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds and the pessimist knows it. -- J. Robert Oppenheimer
The optimum committee has no members. -- Norman Augustine
The order and connection of ideas is the same as the order and connection of things.
The orgasm has replaced the cross as the focus of longing and the image of fulfillment. -- Malcolm Muggeridge
The original Mickey Mouse cartoon was in Mouse, with English subtitles.
The original sin is to limit the Is. Don't. -- Richard Bach
The other day a woman came up to me and said, "Didn't I see you on television?" I said, "I don't know. You can't see out the other way." -- Emo Phillips
The other day I looked up my family tree. There were two dogs using it. -- Rodney Dangerfield
The other day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven ... I almost went back in time. -- Steven Wright
The other day I was in Las Vegas. I was at the roulette table having a furious argument over what I considered an odd number. -- Steven Wright
The other day I went to the stationery store... but it had moved!
The other day this bum comes up to me on the street and says he hadn't had a bite for days, so I bit him. -- Henny Youngman
The other line moves faster.
The other night during dinner my brother told a joke and I laughed so hard that milk shot out my nose. The creepy part is that I wasn't drinking milk. -- Dave George
The other teams could make trouble for us if they win. -- Yogi Berra
The outcome of the income depends on the outgo for the upkeep.
The overwhelming majority of people have more than the average (mean) number of legs. -- E. Grebenik
The owls are not what they seem. -- Twin Peaks
The oyster's a confusing suitor; it's masc., and fem., and even neuter. At times it wonders, what may come, am I husband, wife or chum. -- Ogden Nash
The Pace of Progress: Society is a mule, not a car...if pressed too hard, it will throw off its rider.
The Pacific Coast is extraordinarily simple. Too hot, move north. Too wet, move south. Bored, move east. Like everything else, it's just a matter of taste. -- Martin Frankel
The pages were perfect! But we'll fix them. -- Buddy Fielder (City of Angels)
The palm of one's hand does not eclipse the sun.
The pants haven't been made yet that can handle it. -- Blackadder IV
The pants were very sad. They were depressed.
The paper burns, but the words fly away. -- Ben Joseph Akiba
The paper is rather basic if you ask me... -- Rajit Manohar
The paragraph or two of personal analysis is the essential part. Without that, a "hey, read this!" message is nothing more than a commercial. In this age of information overload, let's do each other the favor of information _reduction_. -- Dan Connolly
The parts of speech are lungs and air.
The passions are the only orators which always persuade. -- Francois (duc de La Rochefoucauld)
The passive voice is to be avoided.
The past always looks better than it was. It's only pleasant because it isn't here. -- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)
The past cannot remember the past. The future can't generate the future. The cutting edge of this instant, right here and now is always nothing less than the totality of everything there it. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The past exists only in our memories, the future only in our plans. The present is our only reality. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The past should be a springboard, not a hammock.
The past was erased, the erasure was forgotten, the lie became truth. -- George Orwell (1984)
The Path of Excess leads to the Palace of Wisdom. My Palace of Wisdom was the sigma delta pi sorority house. -- Love Potion No. 9
The path of freedom is more blocked by those who would follow than by those who would command.
The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. -- Ezekiel 25:17
The patient's taken a turn for the nurse.
The pen is mightier than the pencil.
The pen is mightier than the sword. If the sword is very small, and the pen is very sharp.
The pen is the tongue of the mind.
The pen may be mightier than the sword, but if I cut your arms off with my sword, what are you going to do with your stupid pen then, Mr. smarty-pants? -- Pakasit Mhojadee
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence. -- H. L. Mencken
The penalty of success is to be bored by the people who used to snub you. -- Lady Astor
The pendulum has gone full circle.
The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong. -- C.G. Jung (Memories, Dreams, Reflections)
The Pendulum page is by-bipolars/for-bipolars. And it shows: it's a very nice site. I haven't found any unipolar pages that come close. -- Joe Barrera
The pendulum swings... and swings... and swings... and sometimes knocks down a peg...
The penis is obviously going the way of the veriform appendix. -- Jill Johnstone
The penis mightier than the sword.
The people I consider successful are so because of how they handle their responsibilities to other people, how they approach the future, people who have a full sense of the value of their life and what they want to do with it. I call people 'successful' not because they have money or their business is doing well but because, as human beings, they have a fully developed sense of being alive and engaged in a lifetime task of collaboration with other human beings... their mothers and fathers, their family, their friends, their loved ones, the friends who are dying, the friends who are being born. -- Ralph Fiennes (Parade 3/9/97)
The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action. -- Frank Herbert
The people in Hell want icewater, too. -- Wayne Baisley
The people living in the industrialized G-7 countries (roughly 20% of the world's population) consume 70% of the world's resources; pump out two-thirds of the greenhouse gases; release 80% of the CFCs and 65% of the sulphur and nitrogen gases. -- Kalle Lasn
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
The people to worry about are not those who openly disagree with you, but those who disagree with you who are too cowardly to let you know. -- Zingers
The people who get things done get more things to do. -- Mark Stehlik
The people who think Tiny Tim is strange are the same ones who think it odd that I drive without pants.
The people who wrote this are idiots, training to be morons. -- Mark Baushke
The perception appears to be that Americans are workaholics, Americans are crazy, Americans take life too seriously and don't enjoy life. But that's also why you don't see a lot of Netscapes sprouting out of the south of France. -- John Hallett (CEO, NMP Inc.)
The perfect guest is one who makes his host feel at home.
The perfect man. Nothing but sex and shopping. -- Elaine (on Seinfeld)
The perfect secretary is one who types fast and runs slow.
The perfect slave thinks he's free.
The person who is a good sport has to lose to prove it.
The person who is all wrapped up in himself is overdressed.
The person who knows everything has a lot to learn.
The person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused. -- Shirley MacLaine
The person who walks alone is soon trailed by the FBI. -- Wright Morris
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose. -- James Finke (President, Commodore Int'l Ltd, 1982)
The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum. -- Finagle (Finagle's Law)
The pessimist complains about the wind, The optimist expects it to change, The realist adjusts the sails.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; and the realist adjusts the sails. -- William Arthur Ward
The pessimist says the glass is half empty. The optimist says the glass is half full. The re-engineering person says you have twice as much glass as you need.
THE PET PRINCIPLE: No matter which side of the door the cat or dog is on, it's the wrong side.
The phases of the moon play a part in my preferred method of contraception.
The philosophy exam was a piece of cake -- which was a bit of a surprise, actually, because I was expecting some questions on a sheet of paper.
The philosophy you get for free. -- Steve Park
The physical distance between people has nothing to do with loneliness. It's the psychic distance... -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The physicist's greatest tool is his wastebasket. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The pickle breath is a good start. -- Seinfeld
The Pig, if I am not mistaken, Gives us ham and pork and Bacon. Let others think his heart is big, I think it stupid of the Pig. -- Ogden Nash
The pigs of today are the pork chops of tomorrow.
The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom... are the pillars of society. -- Henrik Ibsen
The pillow of sleep is the happiness of the world.
The Pimpernel is the most over-rated human being since Judas Iscariot won the A.D. 31 'Best Disciple' competition. -- Black Adder
The Pinnochio Theory of Female Sexuality warns that every time you fake an orgasm your hips get a tiny bit wider.
The Pledge of Allegiance does not end with Hail Satan. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
The Pledge of Allegiance says 'liberty and justice for all'. Which part of 'all' don't you understand? -- Rep. Pat Schroeder (D) Colorado
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose. -- David Lardner
The plural of mongoose is polygoose.
The plural of spouse is spice. -- Charlie Gordon
The plural of WHY is WISE. -- Adam Rifkin
The poem waited a long time. Waited while I got married and divorced and married again. Waited while I raised children. It curled up on the bed and read magazines. -- Sy Safransky (The Sun, December 1993)
The point here is that gotos are not bad. It's the drunken idiots that use them all over the place! -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
The point here is that the protagonists' attempts to revise the "script" of history in "T2" parallel the director's having to muck around with "T2"'s own script in order for Schwarzenegger to be in the movie. Multivalent ironies like this -- which require that film audiences know all kinds of behind-the-scenes stuff from watching Entertainment Tonight and reading Premiere magazine -- are not commercial postmodernism at it's finest. -- David Foster Wallace
The point is, ladies and gentlemen, that greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Greed is right. Greed works. -- Wall Street
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it. -- Bertrand Russell
The point of the process is not to take a 4 week task and compress it down to 2 weeks. The point of the process is to identify that it is going to take 4 weeks. -- Mark Bonine
The point to remember is that what the Government gives it must first take away. -- John S. Caldwell
The poison gas is bad enough, but pumping laughing gas into the audience chamber is just plain cruel! -- Top 5
The policy is no eating, not no food. If it was no food, I'd invite Gary into the cluster and start gnawing on him. -- Jay Laefer
The Polish shipyard where the Solidarity union was born is being converted into a discotheque. Who would have guessed disco would outlast communism?
The polite way to disagree with the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'
The politician was gone but unnoticed, like the period after the Dr. on a Dr Pepper can. -- Wayne Goode
The politicians' three R's: This is Ours, That is Ours, Everything is Ours.
The polls show 8 out of 5 schizophrenics agree!
The Pony Express. When it absolutely positively has to be there in 3 or 4 months or so. -- MST3K
The poor have sometimes objected to being governed badly; the rich have always objected to being governed at all. -- G.K. Chesterton
The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
The Pope is uniquely entitled to pontificate. -- William Safire
The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often.
The possibilities are endless. I plan to hide in the woods. -- Gordon Fitch
The possum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 pm.
The Postmaster General says he wants to make the Postal Service more efficient. Unfortunately, he wants to model it after the Department of Motor Vehicles.
The potholes in my street are so bad that whenever I play my car stereo the radio station's record skips. -- Russ Lawson
The power of a religion can be measured by the size of the war it can create. -- David Gerrold
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -- George Bernard Shaw
The power to tax involves the power to destroy. -- John Marshal (McCulloch v. Maryland, 1819)
The Preacher, the Politicain, the Teacher, Were each of them once a kiddie. A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature. Do I want one? God Forbiddie -- Ogden Nash
the preponderance of such elevated and obfuscated text is clearly indicative of my ass -- Brad Barkett
The press, Watson, is a most valuable institution, if you only know how to use it. -- Sherlock Holmes
The price is exorbitant, the pleasure is transitory, and the position is ridiculous. -- Lord Chesterfield
The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
The price of liberty is, always has been, and always will be blood: the person who is not willing to die for his liberty has already lost it to the first scoundrel who is willing to risk dying to violate that person's liberty. Are you free? -- Andrew Ford
The price of Prozac went up 50 percent last year. When Prozac users were asked about it, they said, 'Whatever.' -- Conan O'Brien
The price of purity is purists.
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday they might force their beliefs on us. -- Mario Cuomo
The priest who passes the potato chips in the monastery is known as a chipmunk.
The primary actors in both had three letter first names beginning with T and ending with M? -- John Dobbin
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.141592653589793 at every appearance, the variable PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant. This also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change. -- from a Xerox Fortran manual
The principal difference between a toy and a game is that the latter has some clearly defined goal or purpose; therefore life is not a game, but a toy. -- Rahner James
The principal's toupee is not a Frisbee. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
The principle of give and take is the principle of diplomacy... give one and take ten. -- Mark Twain
The probability of anything happening is inversely proportional to its desirability.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. -- Abraham Lincoln
The problem is not those who dream, but those who can ONLY dream. -- Ayn Rand
The problem is trouble shooting is that trouble always shoots back.
The problem is you've got a 233 mhz Pentium Z, Windows 95, Running Office 97, heading into the year-2000 problem, with a 1945 brain. -- G. Wise and L. Aldrich (Real Life Adventures)
The problem is, if you accept mediocrity as normal, and if you "get used to" mediocrity, you won't ever aspire to excellence. -- Henry McGilton
The problem is, in New York, people self-select down to smaller and smaller groups. You're dealing with a crowd of people who are enormously privileged and their standards are incredibly high. -- Candace Bushnell
The problem with access is excess.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it. -- Glaser and Way
The problem with being an old handball player is that you get tired OUT before you get warmed UP. -- Clifford Cone
The problem with being avante garde is knowing who's putting on who. -- Calvin
The problem with being in the top 10 percent of the human population is the other 90 percent. -- David Swim
The problem with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
The problem with democracy is that half the electorate has below average intelligence. -- Patrick J. Maloney
The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results. The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results. The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.
The problem with getting in touch with our inner Slenk is that few of us actually have an inner Slenk, rather we're just getting in touch with our inner poser. -- Martin Frankel
The problem with higher mathematics is that after a while you begin to see dark at the end of the tunnel. -- Saul Devitt
The problem with inviting comments is that you might actually get them. The beauty with getting comments is that you can ignore them. -- Dr. K.R.M. Leino (16 March 1995, in a piece of email to his buddy Adam Rifkin)
The problem with mail systems in general is that there are far too many idiots writing and running mail systems. A killing spree won't help, there are far too many people in need of extinction. The authors of Listproc, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Mail, anyone having anything to do with X.400, ... -- John Myers
The problem with nude dancing is that not everything stops when the music does. -- Robert Helpmann
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues. -- Elizabeth Taylor
The problem with people who talk to fast is that they often sat something they hadn't thought of yet.
The problem with relationships is not so much when the bloom is off the rose as when the broom is off the lose.
The problem with the cutting edge is that someone has to bleed. -- Zalman Stern
The problem with the flute is that it vibrates your brain. -- Garrison Keillor
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The problem with the rat race is even if you win you're still a rat. -- Lily Tomlin
The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind. -- Humphrey Bogart
The problem with these editors is that Real Programmers consider "what you see is what you get" to be just as bad a concept in Text Editors as it is in Women. No, the Real Programmer wants a "you asked for it, you got it" text editor -- complicated, cryptic, powerful, unforgiving, dangerous. -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
The problem with this (other than that I don't really want a sushi eraser) is that you have to win it... you don't just get it. Also, if I have to fill out a questionnaire, I don't really consider it free. -- Megan Coughlin
The problem with tolerance is that you have to tolerate the intolerant as well. -- G.M. Weilacher
The problem with totally gratuitous amounts of hardware is that it can be arbitrarily taken away. -- Rob Earhart
The problems of two people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world. -- Casablanca
The problems with the USSR and Hubble are nuclear arms and unclear mars. -- Vijay Rangarajan
The process of preparing programs for a digital computer is especially attractive, not only because it can be economically and scientifically rewarding, but also because it can be an aesthetic experience much like composing poetry or music. -- Donald E. Knuth
The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continuous flight from wonder. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The process of turning steam back into water again is called conversation.
the professors must have thought all the students were on drugs or something. sometimes it must have seemed to them like they were talking to an empty classroom. or a classroom filled with angry mimes. -- Owen Davis
The program bug was old enough to have dinosaur DNA in it.
The program is absolutely right; therefore the computer must be wrong.
The program is absolutely right; therefore, the computer must be wrong.
THE PROGRAMMERS' CHEER? -- SHIFT TO THE LEFT, SHIFT TO THE RIGHT POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE
The progress of the world is the history of men who would not permit defeat to speak the final word. -- J.R. Sizoo
The progression of emancipation of any class usually, if not always, takes place through the efforts of individuals of that class. -- Harriet Martineau
The proof is left as an exercise for the reader. -- Pierre de Fermat
The proof of a system's value is its existence.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating. -- Miguel de Cervantes
The proper phrase is, "Who the FUCK is Don Mitchell?" -- Nathan Loofbourow
The prospect of Christmas appalls me. -- Evelyn Waugh
The psychiatrist said it was an excellent session. He even gave me this jaw restraint so I won't bite things when I am startled.
The public doesn't want new music; the main thing it demands of a composer is that he be dead. -- Arthur Honegger
The public wants what the public gets, but I don't want what society's got. -- Paul Weller
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple. -- Oscar Wilde
The Puritans came to America to worship in their own way and to make other people do the same.
The purpose of analysis is to avoid making hard decisions. Therefore, there can never be too much analysis. -- Dilbert
The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers.
The purpose of JCL is to give you something to debug once you have your programs running. -- Charlie Gibbs
The purpose of technology is not to confuse the brain, but to serve the body. -- William S. Burroughs
The purpose of this newsgroup is to get people to learn how to use kill files. -- Chris O'Donovan in alt.religion.computers
The purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure pure reasoning, and inhibit clarity. With a little pratice, writing can be an intimidating and impenetrable fog! -- Calvin (Calvin &amp; Hobbes)
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor. -- Vince Lombardi
The quality of our thoughts is bordered on all sides by our facility with language. -- J. Michael Straczynski
The quantity of consonants in the English language is constant. If omitted in one place, they turn up in another. When a Bostonian "pahks" his "cah," the lost r's migrate southwest, causing a Texan to "warsh" his car and invest in "erl wells."
The quantity of your happiness depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
The Quark bomb, formerly the Johnny Cyclops bomb, after the President of the same name... -- Whoops Apocalypse
The quartermaster has two sizes: Too Small and Too Large.
The question is not how to use computing power efficiently, but how to squander it creatively. -- Dr. David Gelernter
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
The question to everyone's answer is usually asked from within. -- The Steve Miller Band
The quickest way to learn how to do it yourself is to criticize the way someone else is doing it. -- The Lion
The quintessential everyprofanity: krunk. -- Conan O'Brien
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong... but that's the way to bet. -- Damon Runyon
The radical of one century is the conservative of the next. -- Mark Twain
The rain it raineth on the just and also on the unjust fella, but chiefly on the just, because the unjust steals the just's umbrella.
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
The range of any function f:X->Y has an empty subset.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The re-election of Bill Clinton is as secure as a double-knot tied in wet rawhide. -- Dan Rather
The ready availability of suicide, like sex and alcohol, is one of life's basic consolations. -- Edward Abbey
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers. -- Sydney Harris
The real friends are the ones who don't complain about the time you don't spend together, and instead appreciate the time you DO spend together. -- Adam Rifkin
The real fun of living wisely is that you get to be smug about it. -- Bill Watterson
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. -- Thomas Paine
The real point is *I* REFUSE to be lumped together with lumpenprogrammers by the suavely supercillious Cringley types. I want his respect AND his fear... I want him to realize he's playing with giants, not undersexed Syracuse students he can ship down to Chile for R&R. -- Rohit Khare
The real problem is not whether machines think, but whether men do. -- B.F. Skinner
The real problem wasn't Internet Explorer, it's the fact that people use the Windows operating system. -- Simson L. Garfinkel
The real problem with MS is that their CEO is a devoted asshole to the third degree.
The real problem with SDI is that it doesn't kill anybody. -- Tom Neff
The real reason Milton went blind was to avoid reading unsolicited manuscripts. -- Rita Mae Brown
The real test in golf and in life is not keeping out of the rough, but in getting out after you are in.
The real work of our lives is to know who we are. -- Les Kaye (Zen At Work)
The reality you have dialed is not in service. Please check the value of pi or consult your local deity.
The really hot stuff in Windows 95 is features concoted to make *Microsoft* more productive, like the single-click connection to the Microsoft Network. -- Newsweek
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls and looking too much like hard work. -- Thomas Edison
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
The reason for the success of this somewhat communist-sounding strategy, while the failure of communism itself is visible around the world, is that the economics of information are fundamentaly different from those of other products. -- Bruce Perens
The reason girls don't do well on multiple choice tests goes all the way back to Genesis, Adam and Eve. God said, "All right, Eve, multiple choice or multiple orgasms, what's it going to be?" We all know what was chosen. -- Rush Limbaugh (February 23, 1994)
The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy. -- Sam Levenson
The reason hot-rod owners raise the backs of their cars is that it's easier to go faster when you're always going downhill.
The reason most people play golf is to wear clothes they would not be caught dead in otherwise. -- Roger Simon
The reason our sausages are so good is that they are Made in Illinois. The reason our beer is so good is that it is not Made in Illinois.
The reason people here get lost in thought is because it's such unfamiliar territory. -- Paul Fix
The reason that every major university maintains a department of mathematics is that it is cheaper to do this than to institutionalize all those people.
The reason that toilet stall walls don't reach to the floor is that they *expect* the commodes to overflow.
The reason that worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.
The reason we have more efficient technologies is that we learned from doing it wrong the first time. Progress is continual refinement. It's not about the goal, it's about the process. The point is not to do it "the right way". The point is to do it. -- Faisal Jawdat
The reason why everything else in this ship is, I maintain, safe, is that no one is really crazy enough to use them. No one. At least no one that crazy would ever get near them. Anyone that mad or dangerous rings very deep alarm bells. People may be stupid but they're not *that* stupid. -- government official (Young Zaphod Plays It Safe)
The reason women live longer than men is because they don't have wives.
The reason worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work. -- Robert Frost
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man. -- George Bernard Shaw
The recession is officially over: Business in Lower Manhattan is booming!
The record of Ben Franklin's sexual exploits leads inevitably to the conclusion that he didn't invent the lightning rod. He was born with one.
The Recovery Channel, a start-up cable venture, will feature drug addicts, alcoholics, and overeaters 24 hours a day. It is "the logical terminus for a culture in love with its own dysfunction."
The Redskins all talked about how loud it was there, and how they were adversely affected by the noise. It got so loud inside the Silverdome that if Mount Vesuvius had erupted on the 20-yard-line, you couldn't have heard it at midfield. Let me phrase this in terms everyone in Washington will understand: It sometimes gets so loud inside the Silverdome you couldn't hear Joe Theismann. -- Tony Kornheiser
The Reel Thing... Winona Ryder's ascent from adolescence to idol essence. -- Joan Smith
The Reform Party now includes a Klansman, Mr. Duke, a neo-Nazi, Mr. Buchanan, and a communist, Ms. Fulani. This is not company I wish to keep. -- Donald Trump
The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking...the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The Renaissance is something that happened to other people, isn't it? -- Blackadder II
The repeated juxtaposition of "salary" and "penis length" has evoked in me an irrational but persistent anticipation that someone is going to make a post announcing how many inches they make in a year. -- Dan Martinez
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated. -- Mark Twain
The Republicans are infatuated with the magic of the private sector and reflexively criticize government as the enemy of freedom, and the Democrats distrust the market, preach government as the answer to our problems, and prefer the bureaucrats they know to the consumer they can't control. -- Bill Bradley
The Republicans' policies will make welfare harder to get and cigarettes easier to get. Republicans want to get people off welfare and onto respirators.
The resources of civilization against its enemies are not yet exhausted. -- William Ewart Gladstone (10/7/1881)
The rest of you can bite my world-wide-butt. -- Esther Filderman
The reverse side also has a reverse side. (Japanese proverb)
The Revolution will not be available at stores. -- Vijay Gill
The revolution will not be televised.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The reward of energy, enterprise and thrift - is taxes. -- W. Feather
The rhetoric of the pedagogy of the opressed really bites my weenie. -- Elliott Evans
The rhinoceros... is the last remnant of the unicorn... -- Wild Palms
The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer. The haves get more, the have-nots die.
The rich get richer; the poor get babies.
The Riches of Scholarship, The Benignities of literature, defy fortune and outlive calamity. -- Lowell
The riddle does not exist. If a question can be put at all, then it can also be answered. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body. This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
The right hand doesn't know that the left hand has been cut off. -- Paul D. Schmitter
The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts. -- Sheridan
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously. -- Hubert Humphrey
The right to be heard does not include the right to be taken seriously. -- Hubert Humphrey
The right to dislike and disagree with one another is one right that many Americans take advantage of regularly. -- Barney Frank (D-Mass.)
The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right.
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause. -- Mark Twain
The rings of Saturn are actually composed of lost airline luggage.
The ripest fruit falls first.
The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom. For we never know what is enough until we know what is more than enough. -- Blake
The road to Hades is easy to travel. -- Bion
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. And littered with sloppy analysis!
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. -- Samuel Johnson
The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
The road to hell is paved with TV evangelists.
The road to success is usually under construction.
The road to truth is long, and lined the entire way with annoying bastards. -- Alexander Jablokov
The Road Warrior is as reliable as a Far Side collection next to the toilet bowl, and just as user friendly. -- Baked Potatoes
The robber wanted to go upstairs. He wanted to be tried in a higher court.
The Robster (busy cracking VMS's "secure" hash for passwords...) drugs NSA nuclear red mercury Castro ITAR rhubarb Khaddafi hi spooks assassinate GCHQ porn Oklahoma conspiracy plutonium Krasnoyarsk M4 boo -- Robert Harley's .sig
The Rock 'N' Roll Hall of Fame opened in Cleveland. I thought we already had one... it's called the Betty Ford Clinic.
The Roman Rule: The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
The Roman Senate is the best legislature money can buy. -- Mel Brooks (History of the World Part I)
The romance of Silicon Valley was about money - excuse me, about changing the world, one million dollars at a time. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
The Romans would never have had the time to conquer the world, if they had first been obliged to learn Latin.
The Russian and his wife were called Tsar and Tsarina, and their children were Tsardines.
The sabbath was made for man, not man for the sabbath. -- Mark 2:27
The sacred moments of silliness are where I find my heaven. -- Gigolo Aunts
The saddest moment in a person's life comes but once.
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket. -- Kin Hubbard
The scenery only changes for the lead dog.
The Schizophenics' Convention... everyone who's anyone will be there.
The schools have gotten so bad that half our kids are worse than average.
The sciences do not try to explain, they hardly even try to interpret, they mainly make models. By a model is meant a mathematical construct which, with the addition of certain verbal interpretations, describes observed phenomena. The justification of such a mathematical construct is solely and precisely that it is expected to work. -- John Von Neumann
The score didn't really reflect the outcome.
The sea was angry that day, my friends, like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli. -- George
The sea was angry that day, my friends. Like an old man trying to send back soup at the deli. -- George Costanza
The sea's in my veins, my tradition remains, I'm just glad I don't live in a trailer. -- Jimmy Buffett
The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe:
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud. The perfect martini is a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings of civilization.
The search for truth is always a frustrating experience. -- Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee (The Garden of Rama)
The second day of a diet is always easier than the first. By the second day you're off it. -- Jackie Gleason
The secret of being miserable is to have the leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. -- George Bernard Shaw
The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time. -- James Taylor
The secret of managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided. -- Casey Stengel
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made.
The secret of the demagogue is to make himself as stupid as his audience so that they believe they are as clever as he. -- Karl Kraus
The secret of the universe is @*&^^^ NO CARRIER
The secret rules of engagement are hard to endorse when the appearance of conflict meets the appearance of force. -- the Tragically Hip
The secret to business is knowing what others don't. -- Aristotle Onasis
The secret to happiness is high expectations and your own bag of chips. -- Dogbert
The secret to happiness is short-term, stupid self-interest. -- Calvin
The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and just not think about your age. -- Lucille Ball
The secret to success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
The security of the Enterprise is of Paramount importance
The self-loathing of provolone, what can I say? -- Rohit on eating an eggplant parmesian
The Senate Ethics Committee voted 6-0 to expel Senator Bob Packwood. The amazing thing is that they found six senators qualified to be on an ethics committee. Packwood was surprised at the outcome; he was just hoping for a good tongue lashing...
The sense of the future is behind all good policies. Unless we have it, we can give nothing either wise or decent to the world. -- C.P. Snow
The service we render to others is really the rent we pay for our room on this earth. -- W. Grenfell
The seven dwarfs of multimedia are Tiny, Grainy, Fuzzy, Jerky, Blocky, Buggy and one you can't see at this resolution. -- Stephen Manes (July '95 PC World)
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
The sex thing is already out there so the friendship is ultimately doomed and that is the end of the story. -- When Harry Met Sally
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
The sexual revolution is over, and I never got to fire a shot.
The sheer joy of living is wonderful.
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
The shit is feeding itself to the fan. -- Art Stine
The short answer: always trust the truth. The long answer: don't waste time on the unenlightenable. -- Adam Rifkin
The shortest distance between two points is a straight line in the opposite direction. -- Caddyshack
The shortest distance between two points is simplicity. -- Bruce Lee (The Tao Of Jeek Kune Do)
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. -- Noelie Alito
The shortest way to do many things is to do one thing at once. -- Samuel Smiles
The show ain't over 'till the fat lady sings.
The sibilant sucession surmising "sixty-six satellites" sounded somewhat silly. -- Dan Martinez
The sidewinder sleeps in a coil. -- REM
The sign said EIGHT ITEMS OR LESS. So I changed my name to Les.
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The silence is over, turn out the dark.
The silicon chip inside her head gets switched to overload. -- Boomtown Rats
The silliest woman can manage a clever man; but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool. -- Rudyard Kipling
The simple fact is that Apple always was Steve's company, even when he wasn't there. The force that allowed Apple to survive more than a decade of bad leadership, cluelessness and constant mistakes was the legacy of Steve's original Art. That legacy was not just an OS that was 10 years ahead of the rest of the world, but a Cause that induced a righteousness of purpose centered around a will to innovate -- to perpetuate the original artistic achievements. -- Doc Searls
The simplest pleasures in life are free
The single most exciting thing you encounter in government is competence, because it's so rare. -- Moynihan (NY Times, 3/2/76)
The Six Dwarves were in the bath feeling happy. So happy got out!
The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee: Goes the wrong way = Goes a long way. -- Dan Roddick
The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee: The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going in a direction you did not want.
The sixth sheikh's sixth sheep's sick.
The size of a mega byte of storage depends on whether you are entering data or writing a program to fit in it.
The size of the brain is no measure of its capacity. -- Jonathan Frisby
The sky is no longer the limit. -- Richard Nixon
The slate of American history needs to be wiped clean. -- Slacker
The smallest oceans still get big big waves. -- Pearl Jam
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
The smelling pistakes are all my own.
The smile didn't do anything more than flay the skin off my body, sandblast every nerve and ligament, osterize a few major organs, and fry my eyeballs in their own grease; I made no visible sign that could possibly have been detected by anyone except the people present in the room. I'm over her completely. -- Bruce Sherrod
The smoker you drink, the player you get.
The Sniper's Guild... Proud advocates of creative mayhem.
The so-called 'new morality' is too often the old immorality condoned. -- Lord Shawcross
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations of the victors. History is written by the survivors. -- Max Lerner
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exaulted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy ... neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
The soil is fertile because it is teeming with microorgasms.
The solution implemented here works amazingly well in most circumstances, and, being essentially half-assed, is more in keeping with the spirit of Unix. Blech. -- cmushell.el comment
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money. -- Ed Bluestone (National Lampoon)
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up!
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The soul is born old, but grows young. That is the comedy of life. The body is born young, but grows old. That is life's tragedy. -- Oscar Wilde
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The sound of people drowning is something I cannot describe to you. And neither can anyone else. It is the most dreadful sound. And there is a dreadful silence that follows it. -- Eva Hart (Titanic survivor)
The soundtrack to 'Indecent Exposure' is a romantic mix of music that I know most women love to hear, so I never keep it far from me when women are nearby. -- Fabio
The space station is a project that does not do what it is supposed to do and it does not do it at a very high price. -- Sen Herb Kohl (D-WI)
The speech recognizer thought I said nudist play, but I *said* new display.
The speed of time is 1 second per second.
The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earth worms dizzy. It will, however, make cats dizzy. And didja know that cats throw up twice their body weight when dizzy?
The spinal column is a long bunch of bones. The head sits on the top and you sit on the bottom.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur. -- Vince Lombardi
The spreadsheet matrix is a creative prison bound by A1 and Z1000. Walls. A psychological prison. Unlike the Black Death, nobody sees this malady. There will be no cure. Soon it will be too late. -- John C. Dvorak
The square root of 69 is Ate something.
The squeaky wheel doesn't always get the grease! Sometimes it gets replaced. -- Vic Gold
The SSH client is pretty good, it is free, and it is illegal in the US! A winner all around! -- Steven Skovran
The stairmaster? Have we turned into gerbils? What's next, the door master? -- Denis Leary
The Stamp Collectors Group meeting for today has been cancelled.
The Stanford Drinking Principle: Nothing is better than cold beer, and warm beer is better than nothing, therefore warm beer is better than cold beer.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
The state flower is mildew. -- Frasier
The state of California is officially changing its name to state of Emergency. -- The Critic
The statistics linking domestic violence and quarrels over beef are both revealing and compelling. -- Jeremy Rifkin (Beyond Beef)
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -- Rita Mae Brown
The steady state of disks is full. -- Ken Thompson
The Stealth Condom: They'll never see you coming.
The story seems to be the following. No doubt this is well known to those who know it well but not so well known to those who do not know it. -- Alf van der Poorten
The story so far: In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. -- Douglas Adams
The straight and narrow path would not be nearly so narrow if more people would walk it.
The stranger, the better...
The street was in a sense plundered by fashion in the second half of the twentieth century, but there is one isolated figure standing on the street corner, and that, of course, is the prostitute. That's the person Versace made fashion. He looked at prostitute style and made it high style in the eighties. -- The New Yorker (Emperor of Dreams, 7/28/97)
The streets will flow with the blood of the non-believers! -- Cornholio
The stresses.. They just don't care. They're like you on Sunday morning. -- Jerry Griffin
The strong do what they will and the weak do what they must. -- Thucydides
The strongest man in the world is the man who stands alone. -- Ibsen (Enemy of the People)
The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and is an emerging underachiever.
The study of the art of motorcycle maintenance is really a miniature study of the art of rationality itself. Working on a motorcycle, working well, caring, is to become part of the process, to achieve an inner peace of mind. The motorcycle is primarily a mental phenomenon. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The subordinates were being insubordinate... -- Berna Massingill
The subspace W inherits the other 8 properties of V. And there aren't even any property taxes. -- J. MacKay
The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal. -- Erich Fromm
The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isoceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side. -- Scarecrow (Wizard of Oz)
The sum of the Universe is zero.
The summit of artistry cannot be reached, nor does a craftsman ever attain pure mastery. -- Ptah Hotep (2500BC)
The sun ain't yellow, its chicken. -- Bob Dylan
The sun is a mass, of incandescant gas...a gigantic nuclear furnace! -- They Might Be Giants
The Sun is at the center of the Universe. -- Copernicus
The sun is up, the sky is blue, it's beautiful, and so are you. -- The Beatles
The sun may do good things for the soul but nothing but damage to the skin. -- Professor Albert Klingman
The sun never sets on the British empire, because God doesn't trust an Englishman in the dark.
The sun rose slowly, like a fiery furball coughed up uneasily onto a sky-blue carpet by a giant unseen cat. -- Michael McGarel
The sun was shining on the sea, Shining with all his might: He did his very best to make The billows smooth and bright -- And this was very odd, because it was The middle of the night. -- Lewis Carroll (Through the Looking Glass)
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do. -- Galileo
The sunlight clasps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea; what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me? -- Shelley
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness. -- Ursula LeGuin
The superfluous is very necessary. -- Voltaire
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action. -- Confucius
The superior man is distressed by his want of ability. -- Confucius Analects
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. -- Confucius
The superior pilot uses his superior judgement to avoid situations in which he has to demonstrate his superior skill.
The supporting cast of Seinfeld agreed to a contract that will reportedly raise their salaries to $600,000 per episode - that's more than $13 million if they do 22 shows next season. Who do these guys think they are - baseball players?
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -- Victor Hugo
The supreme irony of life is hardly anyone ever gets out of it alive. -- Robert Heinlein
The sure way to a husband's heart is through that neglected hole in the heel of his sock. Darn it.
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice. -- Mark Twain
The surest way to be late is to have plenty of time.
The survival value of human intelligence has yet to be satisfactorily demonstrated. -- Jeremy Stone (The Andromeda Strain)
The system by which we live - advanced capitalism - as currently organised, creates low serotonin societies. -- Oliver James (Author of "Britain on the Couch" extracted in G2, page 2, The (Manchester) Guardian, 15 September 1997)
The systems you remember so fondly (TOPS-20, ITS, Multics, Lisp Machine, Cedar/Mesa, the Dorado) are not just out to pasture, they are fertilizing it from below. -- Dennis Ritchie
The tablecloth restaurant is still one of the great rewards of civilization. -- Henry Golden
The tabloids are reporting that Lisa Marie Presley is expecting a baby. Her doctor did an ultrasound but can't tell whether it's a boy or a girl... so it IS Michael Jackson's kid!
The taco exchange rate is, no kidding, 89 cents at the Bell here!! and it tastes worse, and the service is an order of magnitude off... -- Rohit Khare
The talking moose is the ultimate system extension for your Mac: From time to time, one of two selectable mooses will pop up on your screen and say something, stupid, witty or utterly useless. It will keep you company if you have to spend another night in front of your Mac, and it will annoy you so much that you'll throw it away again after six weeks or so. But it's so sympathetic that you will drag it out every winter because it's just so nerdy. -- Erik Jensen
The task of leadership, the first task of concerned people is not to condemn or castigate or deplore; it is to search out the reason for disillusionment and alienation, the rationale of protest and dissent... perhaps, indeed, to learn from it. -- Robert F. Kennedy
The teenage years have not been kind to Chelsea... -- Wayne's World
The telephone will ring when you are outside the door fumbling for your keys.
The telephone will ring when you are outside the door, fumbling for your keys.
The Ten Commandments are banned from the schoolroom, but pornographic videos are permitted. Or, as someone has quipped about the notorious sculpture by Andres Serrano, a crucifix many not be exhibited - unless it is dipped in urine, in which case it will be awarded a grant by the National Endowment for the Arts. -- Judge Robert Bork scopes the current cultural scene
The tender breasts of ladies were not formed for political convulsions. -- Thomas Jefferson
The terminal death of the universe is not for tomorrow. -- Umberto Eco
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function. One should, for example, be able to see that things are hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
The test of a machine is the satisfaction it gives you. There isn't any other test. If a machine produces tranquillity it's right. If it disturbs you it's wrong until either the machine or your mind is changes. The test of a machine's always your own mind, there isn't any other test. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it. -- Elizabeth Drew
The Theorem theorem: If if, then then.
The theory of evolution was greatly objected to because it made man think.
The theory of NeXT's success is a lot like the theory of creationism. Everyone claims to know and understand it, but no one can present a clear, realistic picture of how it's supposed to work. -- Robert Rodgers
The thing opposite the right angle in a right-angled triangle is a hippopotamus.
The thing that holds the key to freedom also holds the key to slavery. I fear the fold will follow the false route. -- Adam Rifkin
The thing that impresses me most about America is the way parents obey their children. -- Duke of Windsor
The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely. -- Lorraine Hansberry
The thing with the Casimir effect (negative energy and all that) is that you need a charge to mass ratio significantly higher than that of the electron. -- Ernie Prabhakar
The thing with TI is they get into a field, they screw up and they get out. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
The things in life you can't forget are the ones you hadn't planned for.
The things most people want to know are usually none of their business.
The things that come to those who wait, are the things left behind by those who got there first. -- Aerosmith
The things that get rewarded, get done. -- The Greatest Management Principle in the World (by Michael LeBoeuf)
The things we see are the mind's best bet as to what is out front. -- Adelbert Ames
The Things We Think And Do Not Say: The Future of Our Business. Even the COVER looked like Catcher in the Rye. -- Jerry Maguire
The Third Law of Photography: If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of the dark leaks out.
The thought of a dozen gay men and a couple of women cheering for naked, showering Marlboro men in the middle of the desert just cracks me up every time. -- Megan Coughlin
The thoughtless are rarely wordless.
The Three Ages of Man: 1) Tri-weekly 2) Try weekly 3) Try weakly.
The Three Laws of Information Economics: 1] Knowledge is Power. 2] Word Travels Fast. 3] Power is Temporary. -- Po Bronson
The three laws of thermodynamics: The First Law: You can't get anything without working for it. The Second Law: The most you can accomplish by working is to break even. The Third Law: You can only break even at absolute zero.
The three main weapons of UN*X are fear, surprise, and ruthless lawyers.
The three most puzzling questions are: 1) Why are we born? 2) Why do we die? 3) Why do we spend so much of the intervening time wearing digital watches?
The three worst states of mind: sleeplessness, jealousy, and unrequited love. -- Hao Shan Liao
The Tick is wonderful. He is mighty! And neigh invulnerable. And eminently quotable. -- Megan Coughlin
The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.
The time encourage the man of the times to change the times.
The time for action is past! Now is the time for senseless bickering! -- Ashleigh Brilliant
The time has come, the walrus said, to speak of many things. -- Lewis Carroll
The time is always right to do what is right. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
The time is right to make new friends.
The time is right to pursue your endeavors.
The time to eat appetizers is when they are being passed around. -- Eugene Kleiner
The time-tested truism:Actions speak louder than words.
The times are changin' back. -- Bob Roberts
The timid cannot learn. The impatient cannot teach. -- Joel Franklin
The toilet bowl is my best friend, it's got handles on its side. It sees my face more than my rear end, that's a fact I cannot hide. -- Rugburns
The Torah is just a long string of numbers. Some say that it's a code sent to us from God. -- Pi
The torture never stops.
The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
The toughest time... in anyone's life... is when you have to kill a loved one just because they're the devil. -- Emo Phillips
The tragedy is when you're got sex in the head instead of down where it belongs. -- D.H. Lawrence
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. -- Thomas Jefferson
The trees are fake, the air is dead, the birds are stuffed with poison lead, and the ground is much too clean, and if it's only me that's scared, strap me to the electric chair, ring the moon like a broken bell. -- Beck (Steal My Body Home)
The trick in overcoming temptation, is to play dead.
The trick is to be nice to people until you're rich - then people will be nice to you.
The trick is to not put up with the bullshit of the guild system. That's what Bill Gates did, or he would have stayed at Harvard and become a near-great mathematician. -- Robert X. Cringely
The trick is to stop thinking it is `your' money. -- IRS auditor
The trick was to stay sane. -- Douglas Adams
The trick with these names is to ignore all of the weird letters and realize that there are lots o' "slaws" and "a-witzes" and see if you can kind of coax the letters into one of these sounds :-). -- John Klassa
The trouble with a kitten is that When it grows up, it's always a cat -- Ogden Nash
The trouble with a three-day weekend is that it turns Tuesday into Monday.
The trouble with being a hypochondriac these days is that antibiotics have cured all the good diseases. -- Caskie Stinnet
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time. -- Willem de Kooning
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it. -- Franklin P. Jones
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
The trouble with being the best man at a wedding is that you never get to prove it. -- Thomas Skogestad
The trouble with bucket seats is that not everyone has the same size bucket.
The trouble with burning the candle at both ends is that you always get caught in the middle.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again. -- George Miller
The trouble with giving advice is that people want to repay you.
The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to deal with: death. -- Michael Phelps (MD)
The trouble with life is that it's so daily.
The trouble with life is, you're halfway through it before you realize it's a do-it-yourself thing.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be. -- Paul Valery
The trouble with people who talk too fast is that they often say something they haven't thought of yet.
The trouble with political jokes is that they get elected.
The trouble with radicals is that they read only radical literature and the trouble with conservatives is that they don't read anything. -- Thomas Carter
The trouble with the voice of experience is that it won't keep its mouth shut.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt. -- Bertrand Russell
The trouble with towns where you can park as long as you want to is you don't want to.
The trouble with wearing a name tag at a convention is that everybody knows exactly who you are when you fall asleep.
The true New Yorker secretly believes that people living anywhere else have to be, in some sense, kidding. -- John Updike
The true poem is in the poet's mind; the true ship is the ship-builder. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The true state of hell is that of diminishing consciousness.
The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence. -- Amos Bronson Alcott
The true university of these days is a collection of books. -- Thomas Carlyle
The trust and respect of a child is an honor to be earned, not demanded.
The truth always falls on deaf ears.....at least thats what I've heard
The truth arises from the disagreement amongst friends. -- David Hume
The truth hurts, doesn't it Hapsburg? Oh, sure maybe not as much as jumping on a bike with the seat missing... -- Naked Gun 2 1/2
The truth is a virus! -- Harry Hardon
The truth is ageless: Either we make it together, all of us, of every faith and color, straight or gay, with or without disabilities, whatever our accent... Either we make it, all of us together, or there is no America worth the gifts that God has given this blessed place. -- Mario Cuomo
The truth is out there, but until it finds me, I don't have to pay attention to it. -- Richard Goodman
The truth is out there. Over behind that rock. Oh, wait. It moved. GET IT!!! -- Matthew Epp
The truth is out there. -- X files
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple. -- Oscar Wilde
The truth is that I'm a bad person. But, that's gonna change - I'm going to change. This is the last of that sort of thing. Now I'm cleaing up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already. I'm gonna be just like you.The job, the family, the fucking big television. The washing machine, the car, the compact disc and electric tin opener, good health, low cholesterol, dental insurance, mortgage, starter home, leisure wear, luggage, three piece suite, DIY, game shows, junk food, children, walks in the park, nine to five, good at golf, washing the car, choice of sweaters, family Christmas, indexed pension, tax exemption clearing gutters, getting by, looking ahead, the day you die. -- Trainspotting
The truth is this is a novelty tape, and the novelty is John's penis. -- Aaron Gordon (John Wayne Bobbitt's manager)
The truth is where the sculptor's chisel chipped away lie. -- They Might Be Giants
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility and vice versa.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And vice versa.
The truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of suffering. -- Thomas Merton
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you odd. -- Flannery O'Connor
The truth will set you free. But first it will piss you off.
The tulips from my window getting ready to bloom... -- Adam Rifkin
The Turing Tarpit is where everything is possible but nothing interesting is easy.
The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks Which practically conceal its sex. I think it clever of the turtle In such a fix to be so fertile. -- Ogden Nash
The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks, which practically conceal its sex. I think it clever of the turtle in such a fix to be so fertile.
The tuxedo is a wedding safety device, created by women because they know that men are undependable. So in case the groom chickens out, everybody just takes one step over, and she marries the next guy. -- Jerry Seinfeld
The twentieth century featured any number of -isms. They were fatally based on the delusion that philosophy trumps engineering. It doesn't. In a world fully competent to command its material basis, ideology is inherently flimsy. "Technology" in its broad sense: the ability to transform resources, the speed at which new possibilities can be opened and exploited, the multiple and various forms of command-and-control -- technology, not ideology, is the twentieth century's lasting legacy. Technology broke the gridlock of the five-decade Cold War. It made a new era thinkable. And, finally, technology made a new era obvious. -- Bruce Sterling
the two best tools for writing code are competent subordinates and a cattle prod. -- Andrew Stellman
The two biggest problems in America are making ends meet and making meetings end.
The two bits of protoplasm could remember when they were cell-mates.
The two commercials I've seen for this product are two of the best commercials I've seen in years. The guy and girl in the elavator was great, but it's nothing compared to the tainted love commercial. Damn, I watch way too much TV. -- John Dobbin
The two great tragedies in life: not getting what one wants and getting it.
The two longest one-syllable words in the English language are screeched and strengths.
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity. -- Harlan Ellison
The two most important tools an architect has are the eraser in the drawing room and the sledge hammer on the construction site. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
The two worst years of marriage are the first year and the year you are in now.
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation. -- Oscar Wilde
The U.S. Constitution isn't perfect -- but it's a hell of a lot better than what we have now. -- Eric Sheppard
The U.S. Constitution: void where prohibited by law. -- unknown poster on alt.cyberpunk
The U.S. Supreme court has a definition of Pornography, and it breaks down something like this: Anything which is without social redeeming value and which appeals to the prurient interest. In other words, any posting on the Usenet. -- T. Pascal
The U.S. victory in Gulf war was a stirring victory for the forces of aggression. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
The UARTs can't take much more o' this Captain
The ultimate consequence of protecting men from the results of their own folly is to fill the world with fools. -- Herbert Spencer
The ultimate Jewish last name: Joel Rosensteingoldenbergman.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. -- MLK
The ultimate RISC machine has two instructions: ON and OFF.
The ultimate Turn on. When they shoot at you.. and miss
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness, and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival. -- Aristotle
THE UNAPPLICABLE LAW: Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
The unexamined life is not worth living. -- Socrates (and later Bill, Ted, and Madonna)
The unexamined life is worth nothing. -- Plato
The unfortunate thing about this world is that good habits are so much easier to give up than bad ones. -- William Somerset Maugham
The Unicode Standard is a large, painful book, suitable for use as a blunt object, possibly as a seventh weapon in the game of Clue. It could play a telephone book in a movie if it were painted yellow and made more exciting. It could hold up a table if one leg were several inches short and in need of the sort of support that only a standard can provide. -- Tim Showalter
The United States Army; 194 years of proud service, unhampered by progress.
The United States has much to offer the third world war. -- Ronald Reagan
The United States is in no sense founded upon the Christian doctrine. -- George Washington
The United States is like the guy at the party who gives cocaine to everybody and still nobody likes him. -- Jim Samuels
The United States of America: 200 years of tradition unimpeded by progress.
The United Way is the best candy bar money can buy.
The universe consists of 5% protons, 5% neutrons, 5% electrons and 85% morons.
The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be broken.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest. -- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. (Kilgore Trout)
The Universe is a big place... perhaps the biggest.
The universe is a spheroid region 705 meters in diameter
The Universe is a spheroid region 705 meters in diameter.
The universe is all a spinoff of the Big Bang.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -- Eden Phillpotts
The universe is just an arbitrary constant, feel free to ignore it. It will however, cost two points off your score.
The Universe is just one of those things that happens from time to time. -- Alan Guth
The universe is laughing behind your back
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination. But the combination is locked up in the safe. -- Peter DeVries
The universe is made of stories, not atoms. -- Muriel Rukeyser
The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it friendly. It is simply indifferent. -- John Hughes Holmes
The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition. -- Carl Sagan
The universe is sacred. You cannot improve it. If you try to change it you will ruin it. If you try to hold it, you will lose it.
The universe is simultaneously elegantly simple and profoundly complicated. -- Adam Rifkin
The UNIX Guru's View of Sex: unzip ; strip ; touch ; finger ; mount ; fsck ; more ; yes ; umount ; sleep
The Unix that is marketable, is not the true Unix.
The UNIX tools that are on the Internet were designed as dummy programs to distract the hackers, by being mis-designed, cruddy, and full of security holes. The idea was the the hackers would just romp all over the UNIX machines and never go after the important or interesting stuff, which all runs on VMS, MVS, MULTICS, and Plan 9. Unfortunately, the plan has backfired, and UNIX seems to have survived better than was expected. Since it's become a commercial product, the April 1 announcement of the joke was delayed and the whole plot covered up. -- Markus Ranum
The unlived life is not worth examining. -- John Dobbin
The upkeep of woman is the downfall of man.
The UPS man is always in a hurry, the mailman is a woman, and the milkman is history. What's a bored housewife supposed to do for fun these days?
The urge to destroy is also a creative urge. -- Bakunin
The US condones violence in El Salvador. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
The US has a vital interest in that area of the country. -- Dan Quayle (Referring to Latin America.)
The US is going metric, inch by inch.
The US Postal Service has announced a new James Dean commemorative stamp. The stamp will be available beginning this week, or whenever the hell it feels like it. -- Dennis Miller
The US Treasury has introduced a new and improved $100 bill. The old bills will still be honored, and will still hold their value of about $65.
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledygook than the rest of the world put together. -- Sir Peter Medawar
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
The use of unnecessary force in apprehending the Blues Brothers... has been approved.
The usefulness of a meeting is inversely proportional to its attendance.
The USS Reagan -- To boldly ... um ... I forget...
The USSR: We're trading Marx for dollars.
The usual correlation between abundance of attitude and lack of clue applies here too. -- Robert Harley
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
The value of knowledge lies not in its accumulation, but in its utilization.
The value of the average conversation could be enormously improved by the constant use of four simple words: 'I do not know.' -- Andre Maurois
The vanishing dot on the map of the spot, let me take you there. The dotted line surrounding the mind of a self called nowhere. -- They Might Be Giants
The vast array of better things I have to do than entertain your sorry self is quite possibly beyond your imagination. -- Martin Frankel
The vast majority of the rich in this country did not inherit their wealth; they earned it. They are the country's achievers, producers, and job creators. -- Rush Limbaugh
The Vatican Express Card. Don't leave Rome without it.
The VAX was developed by DEC. Detractors assert it's a wreck. Perkin-Elmer and Prime Are still biding their time, Hoping someone will buy from them yet.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes the worst cigars. -- H.L. Mencken
The Verity of Limits: All limits are self-imposed.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. -- Theodore Hesburgh
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice. -- Mark Twain
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that needs altering. -- Doctor Who (Face of Evil)
The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
The very-good is the enemy of the great. -- Rohit Khare
The Vet will be with you soon... Sit!... Stay!
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth. -- Adolf Hitler
The Victorians pretended sex did not exist; the moderns pretend that nothing else exists. -- Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen
The victories of yesterday are less important than the plans for tomorrow.
The views expressed above are not shared by Gamers.com, Gamers Extreme, or probably even the author himself. Please don't sue us. It is almost impossible to imagine the amount of anguish one redioactive goat can cause. -- gamers.com disclaimer
The views expressed above are purely those of the aliens who are controlling my mind, with a little input from Elvis who is on their spaceship.
The vine Jane! No the vine! Aaiiieeeee... -- Tarzan
The virgin kleenex tissue is difficult to coax, but once snared is quickly used and discarded. Thereafter, each tissue is always aroused and aflutter, eagerly awaiting the next juicy spillage. -- Celeste Copland
The VM system has been greatly revamped and sped up. I'm sure all the old bugs have been fixed and replaced with new ones. -- Sam Kass
The Vogon ship hovered in the air, much the same way that bricks don't. -- Douglas Adams
The volume of paper expands to fill the available briefcases. -- Jerry Brown
The voters have spoken, the bastards ...
The voters have spoken, the bastards.
The voters have spoken, the bastards...
The W.W.WebStore... God knows what you would actually buy in their, since we all know no one buys anything that is associated with the word Web. Maybe there are just going to let about 5K people a day roam through and take what they want... -- Tim Byars
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling. -- Paula Poundstone
The want of a thing is perplexing enough, but the possession of it is intolerable. -- John Vanbrugh
The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood. -- Alexander Haig
The Washington Bullets changed their name because its owners did not want the NBA team associated with the image of crime. From now on, the team will simply be known as the Bullets.
THE WATERGATE PRINCIPLE: Government corruption will always be reported in the past tense.
The way a man wins shows much of his character, and the way he loses shows all of it. -- Knute Rockne
The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen. It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown. Do not seek it, study it, or name it. To find yourself on it, open yourself wide as the sky. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
The way he lets one fact lead to another in these essays has little or nothing to do with logic, but rather reflects on the intricate, exquisite, multidimensional spiderweb of neurons, the brain, wherein one thought can excite an unpredictable cascade of ideas, images, memories and other mental associations. Wathing Theroux's brain at work is more like watching a pinball machine than an abacus. -- Paul Trachtman (Reviewing "The Primary Colors" by Alexander Theroux)
The way I lost weight ... was to be unemployed and deeply depressed, sleep through breakfast and lunch, and have very little money to buy dinner. Will power was not an issue. -- Jonathan Elgart
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. -- Dolly Parton
The way it happens is that it happens and then you talk about it, rather than talking about it and then trying to make it happen. -- Eric Clapton
The way of the portable computer user is as a stony path strewn with plugs and sockets, all the wrong size... -- Terry Pratchett
The way to a man's heart is through his rib cage.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
The way to a man's heart is with a broadsword.
The way to a woman's heart is through the back, down a bit and to the left.
The way to deal with bureaucrats is with stealth and sudden violence. -- UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali
The way to find what the mainstream will do tomorrow is to associate with the lunatic fringe today. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
The way to get a PhD is to take an idea in one area, bring it over to another area and call it revolutionary. We can crank out dissertations by the hour. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
The way to improve our schools is not more money, but the reintroduction of moral and spiritual values, as well as the four "R's": reading, 'riting, 'rithmatic, and Rush. -- Rush Limbaugh
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
The way to make money is to start your own religion. -- L. Ron Hubbard
The way we treat the planet anyone would think we owned it. -- Roger McGough
The weak and cowardly have no place in shuffleboard. -- Phil Hartman
The weak have one weapon: the errors of those who think they are strong. -- Georges Bidault
The weakness of democracies is that once a general has been built up in public opinion it becomes impossible to remove him. -- Edouard Daladier
The weather here is more interesting than the people. -- Jennifer Jantos
The weather is here, wish you were beautiful. -- Jimmy Buffet
The weather is hotter than the Sparc 10 in the trunk of my car.
The weather on the West Coast is especially nice this time of century.
The weather was foul, or perhaps, duck. -- Spike Milligan
The wedding night should be like a good chicken meal.
The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.
The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the first to be replaced.
The White House Christmas decor includes more than 30 trees and 3,405 ornaments, many of them edible. The fun part is watching President Clinton figure out which ones.
The white zone is for the immediate loading and unloading of passengers only.
The whites will riot the way we whites do: leave the cities, go to Idaho or Oregon or Arizona, vote for Gingrich... and punish the blacks by closing their day-care programs and cutting off their Medicaid. -- Ben Stein (NY Times 10/4/95)
The whole point of this sentence is to make clear what the whole point of this sentence is. -- Douglas R Hofstadter
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts. -- Bertrand Russell
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
The whole world is about three drinks behind.
The wilderness once offered men a plausable way of life. Now it functions as a psychiatric refuge. Soon there will be no wilderness. Soon there will be no place to go. Then the madness becomes universal. And the universe goes mad. -- Edward Abbey (The Monkey Wrench Gang)
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. -- Edward Gibbon
The winners never remember and the losers never forget. -- Everett Dirksen
The wise are not wise because they make no mistakes. They are wise because they correct their mistakes as soon as they recognize them. -- Orson Scott Card (Xenocide)
The wise individual doesn't get too attached to any of life's pleasures, knowing that wonderful science is hard at work proving it's bad for him. -- Bill Vaughan
The wise learn many things from their enemies. -- Aristophanes
The wise man questions the wisdom of others because he questions his own, the foolish man, because it is different from his own. -- Leo Stein (Journey into the Self)
The wise man tells his wife he understands her. The fool tries to prove it.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The wisest mind has something yet to learn. -- George Santayana
The woes of software engineering are not due to lack of tools or proper management, but largely due to lack of sufficient technical competence. -- Niklaus Wirth
The woes of Software Engineering are not due to lack of tools, nor of proper management, but largely due to lack of sufficient technical competence. A good designer needs to rely on experience, on precise, logic thinking, on pedantic exactness. No magic will do. -- Niklaus Wirth
The woman cries before wedding; the man afterward.
The woman of my dreams knows how to break into systems. -- Doug Tygar
The woman who tells her age is either too young to have anything to lose or too old to have anything to gain.
The wonderful thing about bipolars, is bipolars are wonderful things; their walls are lined with rubber, their minds are all filled up with things; bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy fun fun fun fun fun... -- Joe Barrera
The wonderful thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. -- Grace Murray Hopper
The word "cunnilingus" just doesn't roll off the tongue. -- Julie McKenna
The word LIE is contained within the word BELIEVE.
The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
The word today is Legs ... Spread the word.
The word trousers is an uncommon noun because it is singular at the top and plural at the bottom.
The word visit appears in the Bible describing when the Lord sent plagues to visit the Egyptians.
The words "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang," which I saw on an Italian movie poster, are perhaps the briefest statment imaginable of the basic appeal of movies. -- Pauline Kael
The words are still hanging in the air... you know, like a balloon attached to her mouth... -- When Harry Met Sally
The words facetiously and abstemiously contain every vowel in order.
The words we use are not the things we refer to... the map is not the territory. -- Alfred Korzybski (Science and Sanity)
The worker is the slave of capitalist society, the female is the slave of that slave. -- James Connolly
The world begins to disappear. The worst things come from inside here. And all the kingsmen reappear for an eggman, falling off for what will never be together again. -- Counting Crows
The world belongs to the energetic. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that it will not break it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these you can be sure it will kill you too but that there will be no special hurry. -- Ernest Hemingway
The world can come to us in Fragments, but the fragments themselves are not the enemy. If your pattern is strong enough, the fragments will form a whole. -- Batik wall hanging
The world does not require so much to be informed as to be reminded.
The world does not revolve on an axis.
The world has achieved brilliance without conscience. Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. -- General Omar Bradley
The world is a cat toy.
The world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel. -- Horace Walpole
The world is a sick machine. -- Green Day
The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast.
The world is a very cool place. -- Miller Brewing Co.
The world is a very strange place, and the dice are always rolling. -- Can o'Beans (Skinny Legs And All)
The world is an 8000 mile in diameter spherical pile of dirt.
The world is as we make it. No more? No, less. -- John Dobbin
The world is collapsing around our ears. I turned up the radio, I can hear it. -- REM
The world is coming to an end Repent and return those library books
The world is coming to an end! Repent and return those library books!
The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
The world is coming to an end. SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!
The world is coming to an end... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
The world is coming to an end... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS
The world is composed of what we think it is; what we expect tends to happen; and what we expect is really what we desire. -- John Updike (Marry Me)
The world is filled with fools. They blindly follow their so-called `reason' in the face of the church and common sense. Any fool can see that the world is flat!
The world is full of bozos. Some of them have Phd's in Computer Science. -- Zalman Stern
The world is full of buttheads, you learn to live with them, except in California where they tend to shoot each other on the highways... -- tfields@cnsvax.uwec.edu
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it.
The world is full of willing people; some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. -- Robert Frost
The world is going through a great big menopause.
The world is like an auditorium with 12 people to a seat.
The world is made for people who aren't cursed with self-awareness. -- Bull Durham
The world is moving so fast these days that the person who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it. -- Harry Emerson Fosdick
The world is my oyster. -- Frankie Goes to Hollywood
The world is not coming to an end - it's coming to Bethesda. -- Barnes & Noble ad
The World is not dangerous because of those who do harm but because of those who look at it without doing anything. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The world is not run by thought, nor imagination, but by opinion. -- Elizabeth Drew
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
The world is so big and so global now.
The world is your oyster, so EAT IT!!
the world is your oyster, you know. it smells like seawater and it might clamp shut on your finger and inside there's a glob of something that's like a big living glob of snot, and maybe - *if* you're lucky! - a little deformed pearl. -- Lisa Kellner
The world isn't flat. It's actually +6 dBa at 5.7 kHz. -- FSCFRA 1994
The world isn't worse. It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
The world needs ditch diggers too. -- Judge Smeals
The world needs people with leadership and compassion to help end universal human suffering. -- Frank Reed Horton
The world owes all its onward impulses to men ill at ease. The happy man confines himself within ancient limits. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -- Mark Twain
The world population increases by 170 people a minute, and they still won't open another window at the post office. -- Jay Leno
The World Record holder for blowing a bugle whilst riding a bike uphill dragging four hundredweight of pig iron and holding his breath is buried at... -- Spike Milligan
The world revolves around the sun, not your head. -- Copernicus
The world wants to be deceived.
The world we live in is a result of human choices and, it can be changed by making better, wiser choices. -- Robert Redford
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here. -- Abraham Lincoln
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here... -- Abraham Lincoln (The Gettysburg Address)
The world won't stop and actions speak louder, listen to your heart and what your heart might say... -- Mary Chapin Carpenter
The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak. -- Baruch Spinoza
The World: A comedy for thinkers; a tragedy for feelers.
The world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. -- Sean O' Casey
The world's as ugly as sin, and almost as delightful. -- Frederick Locker-Lampson
The world's being attacked by the legions of the undead, and you want to go to a mixer? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
The world's biggest fool can say the sun is shining, but that doesn't make it dark out. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
The world's various religions are just beginning their research into Clerical Acceleration, and it will be a number of years before they can even begin to consider reaching near-luminal velocities. This is a shame, since it means that a number of tantalizing theories must remain little more than speculation at this point, and a number of fundamental questions go unanswered. For instance, if a Catholic priet's speed were to come close to that of light, and it were Sunday in his frame of reference, would he in fact approach infinite Mass? -- Dan Martinez explains relativistic morality
The worm has turned for Monty Burns. Fate has pressed me to her scented bosom. -- Monty Burns
The worst 4 years in the education of a cost-estimator is 5th grade arithmetic.
The worst day's fishing is better than the best day's working. -- Bumper sticker
The worst form of failure is the failure to try.
The worst military mistake a general can make is to change his carefully made plans before the battle instead of letting the action take shape before moving opportunistically. A good general, which automatically means a winning general, knows when to throw out the prearranged plan and go with the flow.
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank. -- Dante Gabriel Rossetti
The worst offense is intelligence. The best defense is belligerence. -- Quality of Armor
The worst part is that she possessed many of the qualities also desired by superficial man. -- Seinfeld
The worst part of a biological clock is no snooze button.
The Worst that can be said about pornography is that is leads not to anti-social acts but to the reading of more pornography. -- Gore Vidal (Reflections upon a Sinking Ship, 1969)
The worst thing about censorship is [[[[[[[[[[.
The worst thing about the younger generation is that I'm no longer part of it.
The worst was when my skirt fell down to my ankles. But I had on thick tights underneath. -- Naomi Campbell
The worst wheel of the cart makes the most noise. Poor Richard.
The wrong way always seems more reasonable. -- George Moore
The WTF? tude grows with every shuffle. -- Adam Rifkin
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen. At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.
The years teach much which the days never know. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The young and old have all the answers. Those in between are stuck with the questions.
The young don't feel any great need to wait for the Walk sign before they cross the street. They feel invulnerable. Over time, you better appreciate the consequences of each action. You see people get burned, you see friends fall apart, you go to a few heartbreaking funerals. You begin to realize that survival requires cunning, and as a hedge, as part of a long-term strategy for improving your odds, you wait on the corner until you get the signal to walk. -- Joel Achenbach
The young lady with the Uzi, is she single? -- River Phoenix (Sneakers)
The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
The young wish to give their elders the full benefits of their inexperience.
The zebra is chiefly used to illustrate the letter Z.
The Zen attitude is that words and truth are incompatible, or at least that no words can capture truth. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
The zip file fits on a single 1.44 mb floppy. Not because it's a rinky dink game -- but because it has code as brilliant and righteous as a sliver of pure sunlight burning through the foul mist that hangs over the shareware swamp of PROTO GAMING WORLD! -- Stars! documentation
Theatre is a sweet craziness. Once you return home, you are a little bit smarter. -- Tony Montenaro
Theatre is Art, Film is Entertainment, Television Is Furniture. -- Peter Green
Their are trhee things wrong here.
Their Christmas card is a copy of their pre-nuptial agreement. -- David Letterman
Their lives are marked by drought, famine, and high infant mortality rates. Ours are marked by extensive counter space, dinner parties, and peerless golf clubs. We are the chosen ones, inheritors of aristocratic privilege, sippers of coffee. It's just how things are... Given such wonderfully uplifting thoughts, is caffeine really necessary? -- Traffic
Their lovemaking was fast and furious. He was fast and she was furious.
Their main prophet is scamming on your girlfriend. -- Top 5
Their own government intervenes aggresively in the economy toblock real-wage growth - thereby effectively guaranteeing that the benefits of greater productivity flow only to capital, never to labor. -- Guy Molyneux
Them that has, gets.
Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.
Then all the chicks will want to go out with us. And if they don't, then we'll just crush their stuff. -- Butt-head
Then away he'll step on his elephant Shep, while Bella and Purcella keep in step. -- George of the Jungle
Then do the pelvic thrust.
Then I'll tell the truth. We're allowed to do that in emergencies. We can't plan for everything, you know. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
Then she locks herself in the bathroom and removes all superfluous body hair. I'm worried. -- The Opposite Sex
Then somebody spoke, and I went into a dream... -- The Beatles
Then there is the one about the cannibal who passed his neighbor in the woods.
Then there is the one about the jumprope and lollipop. Skip it. It sucks.
Then there is the one about the tuna that lost his job. He got canned.
Then there's that awkward point at which we as caucasians decide to start to dance. -- Dennis Miller
Then why did I find you naked with that bowl of jello? -- Real Genius
Then why does [Elton John] dress like a stolen car? -- the Muppets
Then you must be Don Francisco's sister
Then: Scrawny geek with Coke bottle glasses and curly hair. Now: Slovenly geek with Coke bottle glasses and no hair. -- Top 5
Theories are more like graduate students - once admitted you try hard to avoid flunking them out, it being much better for them and for the world if they can become long term contributors to society. -- Allen Newell
TheQuestion = (2*B || !2*B); in C, TheQuestion is always TRUE.
There ain't any answer, there ain't going to be any answer, there never has been an answer. That's the answer. -- Gertrude Stein
There ain't no rules around here. We're trying to accomplish something. -- Thomas Edison
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
There ain't no such thing as a safe lunch.
There ain't no such thing as gangsta rap. All the real gangsta's is in prison. -- Heavy D
There ain't no surer way to find out whether you like people or hate them than to travel with them. -- Mark Twain
There always comes a time in history when a person who dares to say two plus two equals four is put to death.
There ARE 1 Million monkeys sitting at 1 Million typewriters... they can be found right here on the Internet.
There are 1,929,770,126,028,800 different color combinations possible on a Rubik's Cube.
There are 10 to the 11 stars in the galaxy. That used to be a *huge* number. But it's only a hundred billion. It's less than the national deficit! We used to call them astronomical numbers. Now we should call them economical numbers. -- Richard Feynman
There are 2 ways to handle women and I know neither.
There are 20 million women in this island and I get to be chained to you. -- 39 Steps
There are 350 varieties of shark, not counting loan and pool.
There are 93 counts in the indictment only because it matches the year 1993... had it been 1925, it would have been 25 counts. -- Colin Ferguson
There are a lot of people I think less of than my 2 cats - including one of my sisters. -- Professor Beildelman
There are a lot of reasons to skydive. It does take your mind off your problems.
There are a multitude of questions that enable you to find out if someone is cool. One of the best ones just might be, which do you like better, Alien or Aliens? -- Baked Potatoes
There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal, particularly in women. Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL convertible. -- P.J. O'Rourke
There are about four comments in all of NCSA httpd 1.3, and they mostly have to do with people owing me beer or about how much some version of UNIX sucks. -- Rob McCool
There are all these different religions. What are they all arguing about? Market share! -- Chris Elliot
There are also unamusing things like for example the local coffee/doughnut shop being closed tonight when it is supposed to be open 24/7. I consider this to be a serious denial of service by the miscreant who operates the shop. Man does not live by nicotine alone. Meanwhile i sit here like a moron waiting an hour for a non-event to happen. My sole purpose for being here is so that the 'suits' who are out whooping it up, can experience anxiety-free whooping. -- Bill Becker (Fri, 31 Dec 1999 23:06:42 -0500 (EST))
There are compensations for growing older. One is the realization that to be sporting isn't at all necessary. It is a great relief to reach this stage of wisdom. -- Cornelia Otis Skinner
There are days when I feel like roadkill on the information super highway! -- J. Koelzer
There are definitely people with whom I have e-mail contact whom I would not generally choose to contact sexually.... -- Megan Coughlin
There are different types of depression. ... This is, if you will, The Psycho Venn Diagram. -- Dr. David Mallot (University of Maryland Medical Center)
There are doors that they won't go in and they don't want us to go in there either because they're afraid that if we do, we'll learn something that they don't know, and that makes us a little out of their control. -- Timothy Leary
There are exactly two media for thought which we know we can use well: oral culture and writing. Writing is better: more permanent, more adaptable, richer, deeper, subtler, with a longer memory. -- Cosma Rohilla Shalizi
There are far too many dead Seattle musicians. -- Michelle Morrell
There are few good women who do not tire of their role. -- La Rochefoucauld
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of either merit or sense. -- Jane Austen (Pride and Prejudice)
There are few personal problems that can't be solved by a suitable application of high explosives.
There are fortunes that mention the word 'umbrella' for no apparent reason.
There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
There are gentlemanly-like bets of 50 cents or a dollar or a Coke on the LSU-Ole Miss game. There is not organized betting and the house takes no cut. Cockfighting is like ballet: It is not for eveyone. They call this the sportsman's paradise. Let's not take the sport out of paradise. -- J.W. Smith of Sulphur (LA)
There are gluttons of every sort - why not gluttons for enlightenment. Do you suppose that Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment stands for EYE? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
There are good people everywhere. I only wish they had louder voices. -- Louis L'Amour
There are heroes in evil as well as in good. -- La Rochefoucauld (Maxims)
There are lies, damned lies, and statistics. -- Benjamin Disraeli quoting Mark Twain
There are lots of decaffeinated brands on the market that are just as tasty as the real thing. -- Real Genius
There are lots of possibilities. I could tidy up my work space. I could send e-mail. I could berate myself for my appalling work habits. *OR* I suppose I could even work on my thesis. -- Berna Massingill
There are lots of whining bands around, but Offspring??? Adam, tell him about our near-death experiences in the mosh pit at that San Diego concert. -- Robert Harley
There are lots of women around. Take my wife. Please. -- Henny Youngman
There are lots of writers who write for people who don't want to think, and I am not in that group. -- Robertson Davies
There are many intelligent species in the universe. They all own cats.
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend.
There are many sperm needed to fertilize an egg because none of them want to stop and ask for directions.
There are many ways to skin a cat, and I'm not here to pull out the guts and make guitar strings. -- Alan Heirich
There are moments when art attains almost to the dignity of manual labor.
There are more books to read, more music to play, more words to write, and more places to see... -- Kenneth Ashworth (Retirement Notification, Texas Higher Education Commissioner 21 Years)
There are more gadgets available to substitute for a little common sense than have any right to exist. -- Michelle D. Hudson
There are more horses' asses in this world than there are horses.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are more old drunks than there are old doctors, so I guess we better have another round. -- Willie Nelson
There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.
There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy. -- Hamlet
There are more ways into the woods than out.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking it with cream.
There are no accidents. Just plans other people don't tell you about.
There are no atheists in the foxholes.
There are no bright sides in the FoRK universe, just the temporary absence of darkness. -- Rohit Khare
There are no games on this system.
There are no giant crabs in here, Frank.
There are no good girls gone wrong, just bad girls found out. -- Mae West
There are no good kids, only kids who haven't explored the possibilities. -- John Dobbin
There are no happy endings, because nothing ends. -- Schmendrick (The Last Unicorn)
There are no incurable ills. There are no unkillable thrills. There are no unbeatable odds. There are no believable Gods. There are no unreachable goals. There are no unsaveable souls. -- Osbourne
There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
There are no offensive 12-letter words. -- John Klassa
There are no options here. All paths lead to roam. -- Adam Rifkin
There are no OSF-1/AD customers. There are only OSF-1/AD victims. -- Stefan Savage
There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew. -- Marshall McLuhan
There are no permanent human habitations above 18,000 feet.
There are no rules of architecture for castles in the sky.
There are no rules.
There are no saints, only unrecognized villains.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. -- Beverly Sills
There are no teachers -- only students.
There are no whole truths; all truths are half-truths. It is trying to treat them as whole truths that plays the devil. -- Alfred North Whitehead
there are no X11 users. there are only X11 victims. -- Joshua Schachter
There are only 2 enterprises that refer to their customers as users, and one is illegal. -- Hammer
There are only three types of jokes: I laugh at you, you laugh at me, we laugh at the world. -- Adam Rifkin
There are only two 100% reliable forms of birth control: abstinence and the Condom of God. Feel free to take your pick. -- The Parking Lot Is Full by Pete Nesbitt and Pat Spacek
There are only two industries that refer to their customers as "users." -- Edward Tufte
There are only two kinds of scholars; those who love ideas and those who hate them. -- Emile Chartier
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth: (1) not going all the way; and (2) not starting. -- Buddha
There are only two places in the world: over here and over there. -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
There are only two things of importance. One is the customer, and the other is the product. If you take care of customers, they come back. If you take care of your product, it doesn't come back. It's just that simple. And it's just that difficult. -- Stanley Marcus
There are only two things to do with a problem. Solve it, or eliminate the source. -- James Carter
There are only two types a drivers in this state: those that never use turn signals and those that never turn them off!
There are only two types of ships in the navy: SUBMARINES and TARGETS!
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
There are plans afoot to connect every teenager in the US to the internet by the year 2000. Most of these, considered as individual units, are barely able either to understand or to write a coherent English paragraph, yet aggregrate them them into one vast world wide parallel computational soup and it's almost impossible to underestimate what they might achieve. -- Chris Malcolm
There are plenty of businesses like show business. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone. -- Gloria Steinem
There are reasons other than witty and brilliant observations that a quote could end up in MsgList. It might be a prediction Adam wants to call the quotee on at a later date, or something Adam didn't understand that he wanted to find out more about, or something that someone else thought was meaningful. -- John Dobbin
There are so many good reasons to resent me, but you keep finding the worthless ones. -- John Dobbin
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants and animals. When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when the lights go out, they turn into animals. But then again, don't we all?
There are some people who will be knocking on your door shortly. When they do, greet them with a bowl of grapes and a Kiwi strawberry snapple and great mysteries will be revealed to you.
There are some things we cannot control. Fate, destiny, the ways of the universe... these are beyond our control. Not for any particular reason, just because that's the way that things must be. -- Adam Rifkin
There are some very large people around America today. -- Gardner Patrick
There are still places where people think that the function of the media is to provide information. -- Don Rottenberg
There are these horrible Noisy Boys working in the pod kitty-corner to mine, and I was going through batteries on my walkman at the rate of about two a day. -- Megan Coughlin
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them. -- Heisenberg
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why. I dream of things that never were, and ask why not. -- Robert Francis Kennedy (1968)
There are three groups of people. The Forgiven: those who are our friends. The Unforgiven: those who are our enemies, those who irritate or annoy us, and those who associate with them. The Untouchables: those who are just too cool, and worshiped from afar. -- Tara Morrison
There are three intolerable things in life: cold coffee, lukewarm champagne, and overexcited women. -- Orson Wells
There are three kinds of death in this world. There's heart death, there's brain death, and there's being off the network. -- Guy Almes
There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics. -- Disraeli
There are three kinds of mathematicians: Those who know how to count and those who don't.
There are three kinds of people: Those who MAKE things happen, Those who WATCH things happen, and Those who WONDER what just happened.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be offered: entertainment, food, and affection. It is customary to begin a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of food, and the merest suggestion of affection. As the amount of affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately. When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating. Under no circumstances can the food be omitted. -- Miss Manners
There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and engineers. While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far the more certain. -- Baron Rothschild (ca. 1800)
There are three rules for real estate in Manhattan. Location, location, location.
There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -- Maugham
There are three rules for writing the novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -- William Somerset Maugham
There are three sides to every argument: your side, my side, and the truth.
There are three sides to every story - yours, mine, and all that lie between. -- Jody Kern
There are three signs of old age. One is memory loss... and I've forgotten the other two. -- Red Skelton
There are three stages in a marriage. Lust, rust, and dust.
There are three things a man can do with women: love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature. -- Stephen Stills
There are three things extremely hard: Steel, a diamond, and to know one's self. -- Ben Franklin
There are three things I always forget. Names, faces -- the third I can't remember. -- Italo Svevo
There are three things I have always loved and never understood --- art, music, and women.
There are three ways to get something done: 1. Do it yourself. 2. Hire someone to do it for you. 3. Forbid your kids to do it.
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
There are times in life when you actually DO want a vt100 hooked up to a net connection. Ah, the horror! The horror! -- Rohit Khare
There are times that I think that SETI is one of the only signs of *terrestrial* intelligence. -- Chris Heiser
There are times when I long for a Klingon woman. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
There are times when one would like to hang the whole human race, and finish the farce. -- Mark Twain
There are times when panic is the appropriate response. -- Eugene Kleiner
There are two dilemmas that rattle the human skull: How do you hang on to someone who won't stay? And how do you get rid of someone who won't go? -- War of the Roses
There are two instruments worse than a clarinet. Two clarinets.
There are two kinds from Asissi, steers and queers. Which are you?
There are two kinds of a fool. One says, this is old and therefore good. The other says this is new and therefore better...
There are two kinds of dirt: the light kind, which is attracted to dark objects; and the dark kind, which is attracted to light objects.
There are two kinds of people who don't say much, those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
There are two kinds of people: Those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there. -- Indira Gandhi
There are two kinds of people: Those who finish what they start and so on... -- Robert Byrne
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: passive systems collect the sunlight that hits your home, and active systems collect the sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too. -- Dave Barry (Postpetroleum Guzzler)
There are two knobs on the radio: one controls the volume, the other changes the station. Or are you uncomfortable about anything with two knobs on it?
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence. -- Jeremy Anderson
There are two possibilities; either we are totally alone in the universe, or we are not. Either one is mind boggling.
There are two rules for success... 1) Never tell everything you know. -- Roger H. Lincoln
There are two rules for success: 1) Never tell everything you know. -- Roger H. Lincoln
There are two rules for successful living:<BR>1. Don't tell anyone everything you know.
There are two schools of thought on Nostradamus: either (1) he had supernatural powers which enabled him to prophesy the future with uncanny accuracy, or (2) he did for bullshit what Stonehenge did for rocks. -- Cecil Adams
There are two sides to every divorce: yours and the shithead's.
There are two sides to every question, and if you want to be popular, you'll take both.
There are two sides to every question, as long as you don't care about the issue.
There are two sides to every question. -- Protagoras (410 BC)
There are two steps: transcription and translation. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
There are two sure ways to tell a sexy guy. The first is, he has a bad memory. I forget the second.
There are two things a real man likes: danger and play; and he likes woman because she is the most dangerous of playthings. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There are two things to aim in life: first, to get what you want; after that, to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second. -- Logan Pearsall Smith
There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire, the other is to gain it. -- George Bernard Shaw
There are two tragedies in life: one is losing one's heart's desire, the other is gaining it. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There are two types of American: normal and MONSTER. -- John Thornley
There are two types of dirt: the dark kind, which is attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is attracted to dark objects. -- Slick (Slick's Law of the Universe)
There are two types of people in the world. Those who divide the world into two groups, and those who don't.
There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more. -- Woody Allen
There are two types of people. Those who come into a room and say, "Well, here I am!" and those who come in and say, "Ah, there you are." -- Frederick L. Collins
There are two universes: for males, and for females.
There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. -- C. A. R. Hoare
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope. -- Oscar Wilde
There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up. -- Booker T. Washington
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it. -- Edith Wharton
There are two ways to tell a sexy male. The first is that he has a bad memory. I forget the second. -- Bruce Sherrod
There are two ways to write bug-free code. Only the third way works.
There are two ways to write bug-free code; only the third way works.
There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works.
There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives.
There are way too many women fighting over a troll. -- Howard Stern
There are worse things than being thirty-five, single, and female in New York. Like: being twenty-five, single, and female in New York. -- Candace Bushnell
There are worse things than death. And I can do all of them. -- Plague (Hackers)
There are, in general, two ways to predict the future. You can, for example, use horoscopes, tea leaves, tarot cards, a crystal ball, and so forth. Collectively, these are known as the "nutty methods." Or you can put well-researched facts into sophisticated computer models, more commonly referred to as "a complete waste of time." While all these approaches have their advantages, I find it's a lot easier and more economical to simply make stuff up. -- Scott Adams
There aren't enough days in the weekend. -- Steven Wright
There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, and not as many separate ones. -- Anwar al-Sadat
There can never be surprises in logic. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
There can only be one.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. -- Henry Kissinger
There cannot be two stallions in the same small stall of camels.
There comes a time in every man's life, and I've had many of them. -- Casey Stengel
There comes a time in the history of any project when it becomes necessary to shoot the engineers and begin production. -- MacUser (November 1990)
There comes a time when a man must face up to realities and confront them. Fortunately, this is not such a time. -- Will Sherman
There comes a time when every scientist, even God, has to write off an experiment. -- P.D. James (Devices and Desires (1989))
There comes a time when you should stop expecting other people to make a big deal about your birthday. That time is age 11. -- Dave Barry
There does not exist a non-existent element.
There exist no legitimate audio tapes of me admitting to being an alien.
There goes Bill
There goes the last lingering threat of my heterosexuality. -- Patty and Selma
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There has been opposition to every innovation in the history of man, with the possible exception of the sword. -- Benjamin Dana
There is a beaker in the back of the fridge labeled "BIO-HAZARD" which I would appreciate your leaving alone. -- Jon Shum
There is a bear following you around.
There is a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
There is a certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! As I have often found in traveling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift one's position, and be bruised in a new place. -- Washington Irving
There is a coherent plan in the universe, though I don't know what it's a plan for. -- Fred Hoyle
There is a destiny that makes us brothers, none goes his way alone. All that we send into the lives of others comes back into our own. -- Edwin Markham
There is a differerence between being different and being new, a difference between questioning social customs and just being rude, a difference between being daring and simply breaking rules. Most people do not understand this difference. It makes them easy to tell them apart. -- Jessica Marrell
There is a distinct singular American culture - rugged individualism and self-reliance - which made America great. -- Rush Limbaugh
There is a double l in the middle of parallel.
There is a dream dreaming us. -- Kung Bushman saying
There is a fly on your Dimension!
There is a fly on your Dimension
There is a general place in your brain, I think, reserved for "melancholy of relationships past." It grows and prospers as life progresses, forcing you finally, against your better judgement, to listen to country music. -- Kary Mullis (Nobel laureate)
There is a God. Heather be thy name. -- Wayne's World 2
There is a God. -- Rush Limbaugh
There is a great deal of talk about loyalty from the bottom to the top. Loyalty from the top down is even more necessary and much less prevalent. -- General George S. Patton, Jr. (War as I Knew It, 1947)
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
There is a green, multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
There is a life-size picture of a dogcow conveniently located in the Finder. Look under "Page Setup..." Now look under "Options." Like any talented dog, it can do flips. Like any talented cow, it can do precision bitmap alignment. -- from Apple Tech Note #31
There is a limit to the practical application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens. -- Leon Trotsky
There is a luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves we feel that no one else has the right to blame us. -- Oscar Wilde
There is a new Jerry Garcia credit card. It's especially useful for those long, strange trips. The only problem with the new Jerry Garcia credit card is that you can be charged twice if it has a flashback.
There is a point beyond which even justice becomes unjust. -- Sophocles (Electra)
There is a problem in that gcc checks things and gives warnings and complains when cc would happily compile code full of bugs that the author, Mr Name Withheld, probably never knew about. -- Robert Harley
There is a Purify for NT. I've used it, and it's pretty slick. However, I don't see how even Purify is going to help Laurel with a compile error. -- Dan Martinez
There is a special place in hell for people who throw diapers out in parking lots.
There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies... -- Joseph Conrad (Heart of Darkness)
There is a theory that states: If anyone finds out what the universe is for it will disappear and be replaced by something more bazaarly inexplicable.
There is a theory which states that if anyone discovers what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -- Douglas Adams
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -- Douglas Adams (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance, that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better or for worse, as his portion; that, though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given him to till. -- Emerson
There is a tiny plant here, murmuring water, water.
There is a vas deferens between men and women.
There is a very fine line between good manners and kissing butt. -- Bill Maher
There is a Zen adage about how anything one cannot bear to give up is not owned, but is in fact the owner.
There is actually a very good gender-neutral pronoun. It is a contraction of "He or she or it", and is pronounced "Horsesh*t".
There is actually no truth to be discovered; there is only error to be exposed. -- H.L. Mencken
There is always a way, and it usually doesn't work.
There is always an easier way to do it.
There is always one more bug.
There is always one more imbecile than you counted on.
There is always someone worse of than yourself.
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
There is always something new out of Africa.
There is always something to be learned in life... and usually in school. -- Megan Coughlin
There is an astonishing imagination, even in the science of mathematics... We repeat, there was far more imagination in the head of Archimedes than in that of Homer. -- Voltaire
There is an easy answer to your problem that is neat, plausible, and wrong.
There is an exception to all laws.
There is an exception to every rule, except this one.
There is an exception to every rule.
There is an explanation for Attila. For Haman. For Cortez. For Cesare Borgia. For Christie and Speck and Manson, and Nixon ... and Torquemada. But only the Nemotropin know the explanation, and they smile as best they can with bloody mandibles. -- N is for Nemotropin
There is an Indian belief that everyone is a house of four rooms: a physical, a mental, an emotional and a spiritual room. Most of us tend to live in one room most of the time, but unless we go into every room every day, even if only to keep it aired, we are not complete. -- Rumer Godden (House of Four rooms)
There is an infinite amount of information, and you can trust me that most of it's chaff.
There is an inverse correlation to how special or important you are, and how special and important you _think_ you are. -- Jim Bay
There is an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There is but one lesson you must learn, young one: Do what you want. Of you don't know what you want, then do nothing, and call it Zen. Don't bother attempting to get subcultural insights from someone who believes in subculture. The emperor wears no clothes, and the Way cannot be seen. An old and wise Sybase on the hill. -- Brad Barkett
There is danger in delaying, good fortune in acting.
There is enough for all in this world but not enough to meet one man's greed. -- Mahatma Gandhi
There is evil ever around, fundamental. -- Eva Duarte de Peron
There is going to be a meeting of the time travel society last week.
There is hardly anyone whose sexual life, if it were broadcast, would not fill the world at large with surprise and horror. -- William Somerset Maugham
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum. -- Arthur C. Clarke
There is in God, some say, a deep but dazzling darkness: as men here say it is late and dusky, because they see not all clear. O for that night, where I in Him might live invisible and dim. -- Henry Vaughan
There is intelligence life in the universe... It's hiding from us earthlings.
There is intelligent life on earth, but I am just visiting.
There is intelligent life on Earth, but we are just visiting
There is less to this than meets the eye. -- Tallulah Bankhead
There IS life after death: in Cleveland, people are still allowed to vote.
There is little sense in worrying about winds and storms, for these things come and go of there own accord. Worry instead about your ship and crew, your supplies and sails, for over them alone have you command. Always remember that hard work is the hull of your ship, and careful planning the rigging that supports your sails. Curse not the Gods when your hopes and dreams seem certain to be crushed upon the rocks of reality. For it was you alone who charted the course, and you alone who must keep your dreams afloat. -- William Wallace
There is many a good man to be found under a shabby hat.
There is more difference within the sexes, than between them. -- Ivy Compton-Burnett
There is more evidence of evolution in my urine than in your entire family tree.
There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches. -- Ray Bradbury
There is more to life than chocolate. Just not a lot more.
There is more to life than increasing its speed. -- Mahatma Gandhi
There is more to life than meets the mind.
There is more to reality than meets the eye
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
There is much Obiwan did not tell you. -- Darth Vader
There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
There is news.
There is no A in KERNEL
There is no accounting for taste, poor or otherwise.
There is no bad beer: some kinds are better than others. -- German Proverb
There is no benefit in the gifts of a bad man. -- Euripides
There is no better way to exercise the imagination than the study of the law. No artist ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets the truth. -- Jean Giradoux
There is no better way to test your peripheral vision than to sit in a class next to someone you have a crush on.
There is no creativity in certainty; no discovery in absolutes; no breakthrough ideas birthed in the bright light of established fact.
There is no CyberSpace, just a lot of people pretending. -- Sam Kass
There is no dark side of the moon, really. Matter of fact, it is all dark.
There is no defense like a good offense. -- Real Genius
There is no devil; it's God when he's drunk.
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love!
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love.
There is no difference between Time and any of the three dimensions of Space, except that our consciousness moves along it. -- H. G. Wells
There is no distance too far between friends, for friendship gives wings to the heart.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. -- Mark Twain
There is no egg in eggplant.
There is no evidence about what happens to old skeptics, but their future is doubtful.
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion. -- Francis Bacon
There is no expedient to which a man will not resort to avoid the real labor of thinking. -- Sir Joshua Reynolds
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
There is no fixed thing called 'a relationship'. It exists only in conversation, and thus can always be changed.
There is no fool like an old fool. -- John Heywood (1497-1580)
There is no force so powerful as an idea whose time has come. -- Everett Dirkson
There is no freshness date on software. Bits do not spontaneously decay.
There is no frigate like a book. -- Emily Dickinson
There is No God but Sendmail and SMTP is Its Prophet -- Hugh Young
There is no God! He just thinks he's there!
There is no gravity. The Earth sucks.
There is no great genius free from some tincture of madness. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
There is no greater delight than to be conscious of sincerity on self-examination. -- Confucius Analects
There is no greater prude than a reformed prostitute. -- Tony Jackson
There is no greater sorrow than to recall a time of happiness in misery. -- Dante (Inferno v.121)
There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.
There is no happiness where there is no wisdom. -- Sophocles
There is no heaven and hell. Just smoking and non-smoking.
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
There is no I in team.
There is no idea so good that everyone benefits. -- Thorstein Veblen
There is no indigestion worse than that which comes from having to eat your own words.
There is no interest in the common good. -- Senator Palpatine (Star Wars, The Phantom Menace)
There is no known case of a double affirmative being used as a negative. Yeah, right.
There is no loyalty. You are Jerry forking Maguire. King of the house calls. Master of the living room. -- Jerry Maguire
There is no mind, so you cannot put it in any state. There is no truth, so you cannot train yourself for it. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
There is no more dangerous error than that of mistaking the consequence for the cause. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There is no need for you to refer us to your lame home page. -- Ken Chen
There is no off position on the genius switch. -- David Letterman
There is no passion like that of a functionary for his function. -- Georges Clemenceau
There is no pine nor apple in pineapple and no ham in hamburger.
There is no point in work unless it absorbs you like an absorbing game. If it doesn't absorb you, if it's never fun, don't do it. -- D. H. Lawrence
There is no point to a dull existance.
There is no problem a good miracle can't solve. -- Shick
There is no proverb that is not true. -- Cervantes
There is no public entertainment which does not inflict spiritual damage. -- Tertullian
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it. So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and war hold him in check. And also the wife who wants him home by five, of course. -- Encyclopadia Apocryphia (1990 ed.)
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home. -- Ken Olson (President of Digital Equipment, World Future Society Convention, 1977)
There is no reason to suppose that most human beings are engaged in maximizing anything unless it be unhappiness, and even this with incomplete success. -- Ronald Coase (The Firm, the Market, and the Law)
There is no relativity. Some people are just wrong. -- Anu Kapoor
There is no remedy for fun but more fun!
There is no remedy for sex but more sex.
There is no return from 86, so don't even try. -- Green Day
There is no reward for love except the experience of loving, and nothing to be learned by it except humility. -- John le Carre
There is no right and wrong. There is only fun, and boring. -- Plague (Hackers)
There is no royal road to geometry.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it -- G.B. Shaw
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who doesn't object to it.
There is no security on this earth. There is only opportunity.
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity. -- Douglas MacArthur
There is no silver bullet. -- Frederick Brooks
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. -- George Bernard Shaw
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
There is no substitute for excellence-not even success. -- Thomas Boswell
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is no such thing as a functional illiterate. -- Kelvin Throop
There is no such thing as a little garlic.
There is no such thing as a minor lapse of integrity. -- Tom Peters
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written or badly written. -- Oscar Wilde
There is no such thing as a New Democrat. -- Rush Limbaugh
There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it. -- Ovid
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day. -- Alexander Woollcott
There is no sweeter sound than the crumbling of your fellow man. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
There is no time like the pleasant.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
There is no time like the present to postpone what you ought to be doing.
There is no truth to the rumor that nns got "stuck" in alt.sex because it got "interested" in what it saw there, despite those who say that such behavior would be normal for a program I wrote. -- Bob Glickstein
There is no TRUTH. There is no REALITY. There is no CONSISTENCY. There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS. I'm very probably wrong.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
There is not rest for the wicked, and slumber there is none! There's not rest for the wicked... they're having too much fun. -- Joseph S. Newman
There is nothing at all wrong with the English language, so far as I can see, but that may only be because I cannot see ahead. -- Lewis Thomas (Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony)
There is nothing I'm afraid of like scared people. -- Robert Frost
There is nothing like a good cigar. And THIS IS NOTHING like a good cigar. -- Frasier (Cheers)
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, or perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -- Churchill
There is nothing more fearful than imagination without taste. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
There is nothing rarer than the ability to recognise ability. -- Robert Half
There is nothing so easy that it becomes difficult when done with reluctance.
There is nothing so fatal to character as half-finished tasks. -- David Lloyd George
There is nothing so habit forming as money. -- Dan Marquis
There is nothing so practical as a good theory. -- Kurt Lewin
There is nothing so small that it can't be blown out of proportion.
There is nothing women hate so much as to see men selfishly enjoying themselves without the solace of feminine society. -- Katharine Tynan Hinkson
There is nothing wrong with sobriety in moderation. -- John Ciardi
There is one chapter that keeps repeating itself in this valley, and that's Chapter 11. -- Fred Hoar
There is one exception to the rule, "Never eat at a restaurant called Mom's." If you're in a small town, and the only other place is called Eats... then go to Mom's. -- Carl Waxman in Parade
There is one God, but which one is He?
There is one in every crowd, and they always find me. -- Bumper sticker
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time has come. -- Victor Hugo
There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad. -- Salvador Dali
There is only one honest impulse at the bottom of Puritanism, and that is the impulse to punish the man with a superior capacity for happiness. -- H.L. Mencken
There is only one sin in this world, and you have definitely committed it: It is the Sin of Not Understanding Humor When It Slaps You Upside The Head. -- Pete Berger
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. -- Oscar Wilde
There is only one way to kill capitalism--by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
There is only one way to kill capitalism: death by taxes.
There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated. -- James Boswell
There is reason to hope that the machines will use us kindly, for their existence will be in a great measure dependent on ours; they will rule us with a rod of iron, but they will not eat us. -- Samuel Butler (1872)
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
There is someone for everyone, even if you need a pick-ax, a compass, and night goggles to find them. -- LA Story
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact. -- Mark Twain
There is something to be said about me: "Wow!!"
There is something to be said for using >= 2 systems though. It forces a serious portability (too much beer... can't think of the word...) DISCIPLINE on you. Otherwise it is way too easy to fall into vendor specific -isms. -- Robert Harley
There is something wrong when critics say the problem with America is too much religion. -- Rush Limbaugh
There is such a fine line between goth and skanky biker ho. -- Carl Graci
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
There isn't a man, woman, or child in this country who at one time or another doesn't enjoy a lovely beverage. -- David Letterman
There isn't a thing anyone can do about it, because we got the bombs. Two words: Nuclear fricking weapons. -- Denis Leary
There isn't any fine print. At these interest rates, we don't need it.
There isn't enough alcohol in the state of Illinois that would make me drunk enough to even give a nanosecond's worth of consideration of pissing on you if you were on fire.
There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us.
There may be a hundred stances and sword positions, but you win with just one. -- Yagyu Munenori
There must be a con like me in every prison in America. I'm the guy who can get it for you. -- Shawshank Redemption
There must be more to life than compile-and-go.
There needs to be another level like MT-SAFE maybe called MT-NOT-FUCKED-BY-HP that could be added to the man pages to indicate compatibility. -- Dmitri Schoeman
There never has been, nor will there ever be, any programming language in which it is the least bit difficult to write bad code. -- Lawrence Flon
There once was a [ ] from [ ] whose [ ] was
There once was a girl named Irene Who lived on distilled kerosene But she started absorbin' A new hydrocarbon And since then has never benzene.
There once was a yarn about a girl named Pearl who was so wooly-headed she didn't have anything to nitwit.
There once was an old man from Esser, Who's knowledge grew lesser and lesser. It at last grew so small, He knew nothing at all, And now he's a College Professor.
There ought to be one day... just one... when there is open season on senators. -- Will Rogers
There she was, lying in a coma. I could smell the hospital aroma. -- Mojo Nixon
There should be "a continuing government role in HPC research..." However, "the difficulty lies in finding sufficiently compelling justifications." -- Jack Dongarra
There sits a box of corrugated spam.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it. -- C. S. Lewis (The Chronicles of Narnia)
There was a point to this narrative, but it has presently escaped the chronicler's mind. -- Douglas Adams
There was a slight flaw in this plan. Bullets. -- Blackadder IV
There was a sociologist who had written a paper for all of us to read... I started to read the damn thing, and my eyes were coming out: I couldn't make head nor tail of it... Finally, I said to myself, 'I'm gonna stop and read one sentence slowly'... So I stopped -- at random -- and read the next sentence very carefully... 'The individual member of the social community often receives his information via visual, symbolic channels.' I went back and forth over it, and translated. You know what it means? 'People read.' -- Richard P. Feynman
There was a young lady from Hyde Who ate a green apple and died. While her lover lamented The apple fermented And made cider inside her inside.
There was a young poet named Dan, Whose poetry never would scan. When told this was so, He said, Yes, I know. It's because I try to put every possible syllable into that last line that I can.
There was never a great genius without a tincture of madness. -- Aristotle
There was no memo. Just *poof* and he was juggling my boys. -- Erik Templeman
There was nothing left to do but lift the lid of the piano, and lay the dead Chihuahua inside on the wires.
There was Phoenix from Dallas, Cleveland from Detroit, and Tex... I didn't know where he was from. -- Forrest Gump
There was such a thing as belief put into action in those days. -- Slacker
There were five virtues of the medieval knight: temperance, courage, loyalty, courtesy, and love. -- Joseph Campbell (The Hero's Journey)
There were no clean spoons around the house so I ate cottage cheese with a plastic tortoiseshell shoehorn that was lying next to the couch -- so I guess I've hit a new personal low. -- Douglas Coupland (Life After God)
There will always be some delightful mysteries in your life.
There will be a rain dance Friday night, weather permitting. -- George Carlin
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
There will be no last bus tonight.
There will be sex after death. We just won't be able to feel it. -- Lily Tomlin
There will be time, there will be time to prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet. -- T.S. Eliot
There will never be invented a time machine, because if such a thing was to happen, we would already know. -- Tommy B. Taknes (1996)
There would be a lot more work done if we weren't living in such a clock-eyed world.
There would be fewer problems with children if they had to chop wood to keep the TV set going.
There you go with that word again. Forget proof, it just is. -- John Dobbin
There! I have entered next year's classes and finals into my calendar. Now I can skip them. -- Jay Laefer
There'll be the Bob Dole bond, which has no interest; the Ross Perot bond, which has no maturity; and, of course, the Bill Clinton bond, which has no principal.
There's a bug somewhere in your code.
There's a certain freedom in being totally screwed... -- from The Freshman
There's a conference on schizophrenia Friday, and I've half a mind to attend.
There's a fine line between an attitude problem and thinking clearly.
There's a fine line between bad habits and style. -- Chris Kent
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad its not a fence.
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot. -- Steven Wright
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot. -- Steven Wright
There's a fine line between glamor and trash, and I don't care if I cross it as long as I'm drenched in fake fur. -- Mehitobel Wilson
There's a fine line between imposing reasonable strictures and quelling one's creative style. -- Adam Rifkin
There's a fine line between stupid and clever. -- David St. Hubbins (This is Spinal Tap)
There's a girl with a crown and a scepter who's on WLSD. And she says that the scene isn't what it's been and she's thinking of going home. -- They Might Be Giants
There's a growing trend towards using lawyers instead of lab rats in scientific experiments. For one thing, the lab technicians don't get as attached to them, but more importantly, there are just some things that a rat won't do.
There's a guy named Brad Blanton who teaches Gestalt therapists and other people about radical honesty, and he says that the key to enlightenment is the mantra, "Duuuuhhhhh." Money-back guarantee, he assures, just recite this mantra for half an hour and you will become Buddha. -- Eric Francis
There's a hell of a distance between wisecracking and wit. Wit has truth in it; wisecracking is simply calisthenics with words. -- Dorothy Parker
There's a hole lot to see at the Grand Canyon.
There's a hot place with pitchforks waiting.
There's a huge frickin gap betweeen a computat. scientist who can code the soln to the specified problems, and a real scientist who understands both. -- Rohit Khare
There's a killer on the road; his brain is squirming like a toad. -- Jim Morrison
There's a lady who knows, all that glitters is gold. -- Led Zeppelin
There's a little bit of hell in Michelle. -- Michelle Morrell
There's a little bit of me in each electron on your phosphor.
There's a lot more to making a refrigerator glamorous than the average viewer understands. -- Bob Barker
There's a Mentos commercial in the middle of Aliens when Ripley first uses the loader thing. What a retard. -- Adam Rixey
There's a new margarine on the market named Rumor, because it spreads so easily and quickly.
There's a place here called Endless Caverns. How do they know? -- John Dobbin
There's a place in Michigan called Frankenmouth where the chicken dinners flow like ice cream out of little children's ears.
There's a planet of regret on my shoulders. -- Reality Bites
There's a problem, feathers iron, bargain buildings, weights and pullies, feathers hit the ground before the weight can hit the air. -- REM
There's a simple way to solve the crime problem: obey the law; punish those who do not. -- Rush Limbaugh
There's a single letter between creation and cremation. -- Adam Rifkin
There's a statistical theory that if you gave a million monkeys typewriters and set them to work, they'd eventually come up with the complete works of Shakespeare. Thanks to the Internet, we now know this isn't true. -- Ian Hart
There's a strong streak of good in you Superman, but then nobody's perfect. ALMOST nobody. -- Lex Luthor
There's a time to ****, and a time to crave, but the Shah sleeps in Lee Harvey's grave. -- Gibby Haynes
There's a time-worn adage about good things coming to those who wait, and another hoary old chestnut about Rome taking a long time to build, and another one about never judging a software company until you have walked a mile in their moccasins and coded a 3D engine with real terrain, real physics, and nut-crushing lightning effects. So cut us a little slack, jack. -- webmaster@bungie.com
There's a whole lifetime stretching ahead of me
There's a worse problem than crime. It's May 6th, and my pool isn't open yet. -- Howard Stern
There's absolutely no substitute for a genuine lack of preparation.
There's always 1 more SOB than you counted on
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
There's always one more bug.
There's an inverse relationship between availability and desirability.
There's an Italian in my room and he won't go away
There's an old man sitting next to me and there's something hangin' from his chin... -- Billy Joel bastardized
There's an old man sitting next to me making love to his tonic and gin. -- Billy Joel
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's at least one fool in every married couple.
There's egg and bacon; egg, sausage and bacon; egg and spam; bacon and spam; egg, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, egg, spam, spam, bacon and spam; spam, spam, spam, egg and spam; spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, baked beans, spam, spam, spam and spam; or lobster thermidor aux crevettes with a mornay sauce garnished with truffle pate', brandy and a fried egg on top of spam. -- Monty Python
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's information vital to our cause...in my pants! -- Kangal
There's just too much going on in the world. No really, I mean it! I'm serious! -- Sarah Cullen
There's lots of things I want to see. Oh, you mean movies. Yeah, them too. -- Robert Harley (aka Snap R. Head)
There's many a pessimist who got that way by financing an optimist.
There's many lost, but tell me, who has won? -- U2
There's more than adequate parking in my apartment complex. If you assume none of us have friends. -- John Dobbin
There's more than one answer to these questions, pointing me in a crooked line. -- Indigo Girls
There's more than one way to skin a cat: Krazy Glue and a toothbrush.
There's more than one way to skin a cat: Use an electric sander.
There's more to BBSing than meets the modem.
There's more to life than meets the mind.
There's never a tortured wretched misfit around when you need one. -- John Dobbin
There's never a toxic waste truck around when you want one. -- Roger Burton-West
There's never been a woman Grand Master chess player... once you get one, then I'll buy some of the feminism. -- Pat Robertson
There's never ENOUGH everything. -- Hunter S. Thompson on an EVERYTHING pizza.
There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want! -- Calvin
There's no BODY-CHECKING in golf!!! -- Charles Schulz (Charlie Brown in "Peanuts", to Lucy)
There's no easy way for me to tell you this... At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. -- Friends
There's no fool like an old fool. You can't beat experience. -- Jacob Braude
There's no future in time travel
There's no future in time travel.
There's no going back. You have to go forward to go back. -- Willy Wonka
There's no greater power than the power of goodbye. -- Madonna
There's no head rest on this chair! I should sue for whiplash! -- Calvin
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
There's no movie that sucks so much that you can't find good parts to enjoy, and there's no movie so good that you can't find sucky parts to resent. You go to a movie, and it's this big complicated detailed work, and you're the one who gets to pick your focus. You can bitch about the plot holes or rave about the music; the quality of your experience is in your own hands, and no experience is more objectively real than another one. -- Greg Plesur
There's no place on the front line for a man with a dicky heart and a wooden bladder. -- Blackadder IV
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes. -- Dr. Who
There's no problem so awful that you can't add some guilt to it and make it even worse. -- Calvin and Hobbes
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get any worse.
There's no real need to do housework; after four years it doesn't get any worse.
There's no reason a highway can't coexist with beautiful scenery. -- Greg Bayol (Caltrans spokesperson)
There's no reason a search engine can't keep up with the whole Web except for lack of will. Also, note that HTTP/1.1 cacheing headers will provide incredibly helpful info to spiders on how often they should refresh. (Since, for instance, all the posts in the FoRK archive should have a refresh setting of one year, while the current archive's index should be refreshed hourly.) -- Dan Kohn
There's no reason for it. It's just OUR POLICY.
There's no room in the drug world for amateurs.
There's no second chance when FORTRAN is used for EVIL!
There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about -- John Von Neumann
There's no substitute for cubic inches. -- Peter Brock
There's no such thing as a free lunch. -- Milton Friendman
There's no such thing as a simple miracle
There's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end. -- Scott Adams
There's no such thing as an original sin. -- Elvis Costello
There's no such thing as gravity - the earth sucks.
There's no such thing as strong coffee. Only weak people.
There's no surefool way of proceeding.
There's no thrill in easy sailing when the skies are clear and blue, there's no joy in merely doing things which any one can do. But there is some satisfaction that is mighty sweet to take, when you reach a destination that you thought you'd never make. -- Spirella
There's no time like the pleasant.
There's no Truth in the News and no News in the Truth. Pravda = Truth, and Isvestia = News.
There's no violence in trouble shooting.
There's not a word yet for old friends who just met. -- Gonzo (The Muppet Movie)
There's nothing a spoonful of sugar, a big hug, and $15,000,000 can't fix. -- Top 5
There's nothing elegant about viruses, but they are very successful. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
There's nothing in his tool box but a bologna sandwich and a pack of condoms. -- David Letterman
There's nothing in life so difficult that a Microsoft manual can't make it completely incomprehensible. -- Douglas Adams
There's nothing like a few good corpses to help along natural selection. -- Robert Rodgers
There's nothing like a five year old getting hit by napalm to make your morning if you don't have coffee. -- Dave McClory
There's nothing like a good cup of Starbucks and Netscape stock going down to start your day. -- Max Morris (Microsoft stockholder, on the twin joys of coffee and crushing your competitors)
There's nothing like good friends and good dirt.
There's nothing more demoralizing than money. -- Sophocles
There's nothing more restful than taking orders from fools.
There's nothing more terrifying to hardware vendors than satisfied customers.
There's nothing quite so off-putting at a wedding as a priest with a huge erection. -- 4 Weddings And A Funeral
There's nothing scary (or original) about 99.44% of CMU students, no matter how many skinnypuppy albums they purchase, no matter how much black they wear, regardless of the Jell-O shots they consume, no matter how long the stick/staff they carry to class. Double the penalty for any talk of Cthulhu. -- Steven Kradel
There's nothing so similar to one poodle dog as another poodle dog, and that goes for women too. -- Pablo Picasso
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house. -- Joe Ryan
There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein. -- Red Smith
There's nothing worse than feeling as if you have to go around saying, "we have this practice here on earth... it's called irony."
There's nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -- Ross MacDonald
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
There's nothing wrong with you that an expensive operation cannot prolong.
There's nothing you can do that can't be done. -- John Lennon
There's one in every crowd and they always find me.
There's one thing in this country I can't figure out: streets aren't safe, parks aren't safe, and subways aren't safe, but under our arms we have complete protection. -- Rodney Dangerfield
There's only one universe, so there's really no such thing as digression. -- Big Bad Bob Pott
There's only one way of life and that's your own! -- Levellers
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again. -- Clint Eastwood
There's only so much money you need. The rest is for showing off. -- Forrest Gump
There's only two stories that ever get told: stranger comes to town and man goes on a journey. Well, this one is stranger comes to town with a twist: town doesn't leave alive. -- Baked Potatoes
There's safety in numbers when you learn to divide. How can we be in if there is no outside. -- Peter Gabriel
There's safety in numbers: F16, F11, B2, F15....
There's small choice in rotten apples.
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets? -- Dick Cavett (Mocking the TV-violence debate)
There's so much left to know, and I'm on the road to find out. -- Cat Stevens
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic. -- Lily Tomlin
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
There's some bullshit feeling in the world that developing third world nations is a good thing. -- John Dobbin
There's someone in my head, but it's not me. -- Pink Floyd
There's something grand about being nothing. There's something lame about being grand. -- NOFX
There's something to be said for not being arrogant enough to write without having something to say. -- John Dobbin
There's something very permanent about death. -- Slacker
There's the right way, the wrong way, and the Navy way. -- Herman Wouk (Cain Mutiny)
There's time to live, but isn't it strange that as soon as you're born you're dying? -- Iron Maiden
There's too much blood in my caffeine system. -- Joshua Schachter
There's too much direct evidence against uniqueness. Differences are minor compared to the similarities. -- Slacker
There's vertigo and accelerated pulse. Is it love or oxygen deprivation?
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, "I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked." -- Jerry Seinfeld
There's, like, these chicks that'll do it with you if you pay them enough money. Even Beavis. -- Butt-head
Therein we find what may be the six most frightening words in the English language: "In this one-hour comedy, Tony Danza ..." -- TV Barn
Thereisonlysomuchyoucansayusingjustfiftyletters.
Theres 'bound' if you care to see debauchery and fetishism at its worst...and who doesn't? -- Ted Metzler
Thesaurus: ancient reptile with an excellent vocabulary.
These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP out of MEGATON MAN
These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES! These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY! These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP out of MEGATON MAN!
These are my principles. If you don't like them I have others. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
These are not scraps. These are remnants of a once-great society of hair. -- George (on Seinfeld)
These are the days of lasers in the jungle, staccato signals of constant information... -- Paul Simon
These are the days of Miracle Whip and Wonder Bread.
These are the days you'll remember... these days you might fill with laughter until you break. -- 10,000 Maniacs
These are the last words I have to say, that's why it this took long to write, there will be other words some other day, but that's the story of my life... -- Billy Joel
These are the risks of this high technology. When we used to have two cans and a piece of string we didn't have these problems. -- Dan Rather
These are the types of problems I'd like to have more of. Just once I'd like the opportunity to prove that all the money in the world can't buy you happiness. -- Craig Boas
These are your low beams. These are for driving at night. And these are your high beams. These are for when someone pisses you off.
These aren't mere opinions... these are VALUES.
These aren't my shorts -- they bend
These aren't my thoughts, they're my cat walking on the keyboard.
These days govt. is a four letter word.
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
These days, the wages of sin depend on what kind of deal you make with the publisher. -- Ivern Ball (WSJ)
These dudes are seminiferous tubeloidial butt noids. -- Butt-head
These excuses are getting old. "Not now, I'm having a dyalsis problem," doesn't really cut it. -- Chris Heiser
These guys are like a combination between Stone Temple Pilots and the guys from Hee Haw. -- Beavis
These guys are like a combination between Stone Temple Pilots and uhh... regular guys. -- Butt-head
These laboratories do not pass the test for ethics and respect for the consumer, They must be treated like bacteria which must be fought without respite. -- Renan Calheiros
These law-abiding hackers have the power, ability, and willingness to influence other people's lives quite unpredictably. They have means, motive, and opportunity to meddle drastically with the American social order. -- Bruce Sterling
These numbers are absurdly large! Who ordered this many protons, anyway? -- A. Zee
These opinions and others like them are widespread in the culture.
These opinions are not mine, but those of a rebellious spellchecker.
These people were highly susceptible to homicide. We know that because they were killed. -- Paul Blackman (the NRA)
These people wouldn't know fun if it was sitting on their faces. -- PCU
These people write specifications like old people fuck. -- Sean Simmons
These pretzels are making me thirsty. -- Seinfeld
These proof techniques generalize because UNITY is a complete logic. -- Mani Chandy
These sound like a happy bunch. -- John Dobbin on alt.angst
These stupid holidays are making me feel more divorced. The songs, the chocolate, the eating... -- Jerry Maguire
These terrible sociologists, who are the astrologers and alchemists of the twentieth century. -- Miguel de Unamuno (1864 - 1936)
These things happen to other people. They don't happen at all in fact. -- They Might Be Giants
These things I warmly wish for you: someone to love, some work to do, a bit o' sun, a bit o' cheer, and a guardian angel always near. -- Old Irish Greeting
These things on my nose aren't just for show. -- Ro
These words annoy me because they are overused and often used in the wrong context. I get most of these words from group meetings. Empower, facilitate, leverage, synergy, ubiquitous, utilize. -- John Thornley
They all laughed at Albert Einstein. They all laughed at Columbus. Unfortunately, they also all laughed at Bozo the Clown. -- William Jeffereys
They already think the writing of shell scripts is a natural act. -- Ken Pier
They also ate at this place where they ordered by making the sound of the animal they were ordering. Istanbul moved up a little on my places to visit list. -- John Dobbin
They also surf who only stand on waves.
They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. -- Andy Warhol
They are innocent, unless proven guilty beyond reasonable doubt. Now go convict these two hooligans. -- judge to Beavis and Butt-head
They are laughing at me, not with me. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
They are not the hell your whales. -- Spock
They are origami vultures... They Kick Ass... They perch!! -- Anu Kapoor
They are seldom found out, because they gravitate to the kind of clients who, bamboozled by their rhetoric, do not hold them responsible for sales results. Their campaigns find favor at cocktail parties in New York, San Francisco and London but are taken less seriously in Chicago. In the days when I specialized in posh campaigns for The New Yorker, I was the hero of this coterie, but when I graduated to advertising in mass media and wrote a book which extolled the value of research, I became its devil. I comfort myself with the reflection that I have sold more merchandise than all of them put together. -- David Ogilvy
They are still doing what they are told--even more so, except with the illusion of independence. They no longer must shut up and say nothing. They can get on the internet and let the world know. Every man and woman has a voice. It matters little that the data from which they draw is limited to exactly just how much they should know.
They aren't evil...just stupid.
They asked me to go in front of the Reagans. I'm not used to going in front of President Reagan, so we went out behind the Bushes. -- Dan Quayle
They call it "hockey" because it is played with a HOCKEY puck. If they used a Hackey Sack, it would be called "hackey". And if it was played outdoors in the summer, it would be called "Very Shallow Water Polo". -- Scott Laiken
They call it impiety and lack of propriety and quite a variety of unpleasant names. -- Tom Lehrer
They call them the Goodwill Games because Tonya Harding isn't participating. -- Jay Leno
They can hold all the peace talks they want, but there will never be peace in the Middle East. Billions of years from now, when Earth is hurtling toward the Sun and there is nothing left alive on the planet except a few microorganisms, the microorganisms living in the Middle East will be bitter enemies. -- Dave Barry
They changed the name to "Ready to wear" because of 'merkun schlocks who couldn't pronounce it. -- Robert Harley
They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist-- -- General John Sedgwick (last words, Battle of Spotsylvania Courthouse, 1864)
They did a number of really terrific things to each other, several great things with each other, and one or two things in spite of each other... you may, if you wish, fill in your own details. -- The Adolescence of P-1
They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday. -- Robert Heinlein
They DO make 'em like they used to.
They don't bother to use real Canadians. -- David Letterman (on why the Blue Jays keep winning)
They don't let us beat students anymore, but my fantasy life is my own business.
They don't make nostalgia like they used to.
They don't really make good frisbees. That hole makes them fly funny. -- John Dobbin
They don't see that whole pattern. Worm/death. Worm/death. *I* would catch on. -- Paul Reiser
They don't understand the problems and pressures $54 million comes with. -- Jerry Maguire
They even dressed they horses up in the bedsheets, and so she named me after him to remind me about all the silly things people DO. -- Forrest Gump
They gave each other a smile with a future in it. -- Ring Lardner
They give shameless a new meaning, which is one of the reasons I really like monkeys. -- Professor Beildelman
They got caught doing push-ups in the pickle patch...
They had a real drag down and knock up fight. -- Thanh Boyer
They had all the taste of gym socks, and all the texture of pop rocks. -- Adam Rifkin
They had this look in their eyes. Totally cold, animal. Must have been young republicans. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
They have a certain amount of pride, they're not going to grovel more than once for an upstart employee who insults them in casual conversation. -- Fleur Dragan
They have a hiring freeze on white males. Call me Ishmael. -- Jim Hong
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
They have treated Clinton as if he was a black president. -- Toni Morrison
They invented a new color of paint called "blonde"... they say it spreads easy.
They just buzzed and buzzed.....buzzed.
They just couldn't believe that someone would do all that running for no particular reason at all. -- Forrest Gump
They just pretend to pay us, so we just pretend to work. -- Soviet saying
They keep painting the bridge, but the words keep coming back!
They keep telling us that in war truth is the first casualty, which is nonsense since it implies that in times of peace truth stays out of the sick bay or the graveyard. -- Alexander Cockburn
They laughed at Edison and Einstein, but somehow I still feel uncomfortable when they laugh at me. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
They laughed at Joan of Arc, but she went right ahead and built it. -- Gracie Allen
They lived in a typical suburban neighborhood with picket fences that resembled Nancy Kerrigan's teeth. -- Paul Kocak
They lived in two worlds. They loved in one.
They LOVE us in Belgium. -- Singles
They made love as though they were an endangered species. -- Peter de Vries
They might be giants, and what are we going to do unless they are? -- They Might Be Giants
They never knew what real happiness was until they got married - then it was too late.
They never met. They never spoke. But respected MTV news anchor Kurt Loder believes that if he had gotten to know Kurt Cobain, his reminiscences would go a little something li ke this. -- Kurt on Kurt
They never taste who always drink. They always talk who never think. -- Matthew Prior
They only recognize greatness when some authority confirms it. -- Calvin
They ought to change the area code, though, and make it 911. -- Shirley MacLaine (Who loves her Malibu, California, neighborhood, despite the fact that she's been through 10 wildfires.)
They pushed all the buttons and things on tomorrow's pages. -- Psychedelic Furs (Highwire Days)
They really took him to the bank on that one. -- Thanh Boyer
They said it was a million dollar wound, but the army must keep that money. -- Forrest Gump
They say a book is like a garden tied in the pocket.
They say French is the language of love. I disagree; I think Braille is.
They say if you build a better mouse trap, the world will beat down your door. But usually, it's just one neighbor, and he'll probably quit once you stop throwing dead mice in his yard. -- Dave James
They say it's never too late to learn to play the piano, but at 2 am, I really wish my roommate would quit and go to bed. -- Nathan Hansar
They say our Love's illicit, but I'm still prayin' for a conjugal visit.
They say sex is as good as a five-mile run. I don't think I move five miles making love, but we've got three bedrooms. Make of that what you will. -- Michael Palin
They say that 50% of all marriages end in divorce. That's not as bad as it sounds, considering that the other 50% end in death.
They say that unless you're the lead dog, the view never changes. However, if you actually were a dog, you would probably prefer that other view. -- Dave Davies
They say we've got nothing in common, no common ground to start from, and we're falling apart. -- Deep Blue Something
They say... "Love thy neighbor as thy self." What am I supposed to do? Jerk him off too? -- Rodney Dangerfield
They sent for 50 pounds of ketchup and President Clinton. -- David Letterman
They should all be caned. I love that caning. -- Howard Stern
They should make red vine pie. -- Robert Harley
They should start bundling clue with the linux kernel. -- Len Lanphar
They spell it da Vinci and pronounce it da Vinchy. Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce. -- Mark Twain
they suck. they can't program. beta releases are cheap ways to get bug reports. hey, give them credit. at least they don't think the program is fit to be released yet. (as opposed to _some_ (nameless) people . . .) -- Rajit Manohar
They talk most who have least to say.
They tell me it's okay to use your rent money to go skydiving--if you die, it doesn't matter at all!
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -- Ben Franklin (1784)
They think they can make fuel from horse manure... Now I don't know if your car will be able to get thirty miles to the gallon, but it's sure gonna put a stop to siphoning. -- Billie Holliday
They thought to use and shame me but I win out by nature, because a true freak cannot be made. A true freak must be born. -- K. Dunn (Geek Love)
They told me I was gullible... and I believed them.
They told me it would disrupt my life less if I got killed sooner. -- Joseph Heller
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas.
They wanted someone good. Story of my life. -- Homer Simpson
They weather the storm. -- Schindler's List
They weighed anchor, and it hadn't gained an ounce.
They were all in love with Diane, they were drinking from a fountain that was pouring like an avalanche, coming down a mountain. -- Butthole Surfers
They were doing a full back shot of me in a swimsuit and I thought, Oh my God, I have to be so brave. See, every woman hates herself from behind. -- Cindy Crawford
They were flailing their meat like there is no tomorrow.
They were in the wrong place at the wrong time; naturally, they became heroes.
They were majoring in two subjects: physics and philosophy. Their choice amazed everybody but me: modern thinkers considered it unnecessary to perceive reality, and modern physicists considered it unnecessary to think. I knew better; what amazed me was that these children knew it, too. -- Ayn Rand
They were never in a mattress! You're just blowing this all out of proportion. -- John Dobbin
They were supposed to land on Saturn; they just stopped on the moon to take a whizz. -- Top 5
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. -- Edgar Allan Poe
They will not listen to anyone, so nobody tells them a lie. -- Billy Joel
They work like lemmings on cappucino.
They wouldn't give you the time of day even if... you worked in a watch factory. -- Hudsucker Proxy
They wouldn't know subtlety if it painted itself purple and jumped up and down in front of them singing "Subtlety is here again"... -- Ian Schrieber (paraphrasing from Black Adder III)
They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager. (Famous last words)
They'll get my perl when they pry it from my cold, dead /usr/local/bin. -- Randy Futor
They'll take away my sword when they pry my cold, dead fingers off the hilt.
They're baaack
They're burning up this town. At least the ratings will be up this year. Burn, baby, burn. -- Rugburns
They're directly beneath us, Moriarty. Release the piano!
They're funny things, Accidents. You never have them until you're having them. -- AA Milne (Eeyore)
They're going to re-release OJ's movie and re-name it "Naked Gun 33 1/3 to Life".
They're just using religion as an excuse to be really crappy to each other. -- Lister (Red Dwarf)
They're just whining about how it doesn't let you make mistakes. This is UNIX, you're not supposed to make mistakes. -- Dmitri Schoeman
They're level-jumping on our relationship. -- Seinfeld
They're my friends, they're my toys, and they have OFF switches. All these things are good. -- tkil@scrye.com
They're naked, and fun, and I agree with both of them. -- Mad About You
They're not broken. They're... uh... modular.
They're not selling any more beer at the Metrodome. Twins lost the opener.
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid
They're probably an X rated film company or something, and you know, they've got a need for an object oriented development environment like anybody else. -- Paul Bossi
They're so poor, they're forced to have children simply to have a cheap alternative to turkey. -- Blackadder III
They're the faces of The Stranger but we love to try them on. -- Billy Joel
They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really. They'd be difficult to like. -- Avon
They've been to the puppet show, they've seen the strings. -- Jerry Maguire
They've designed a planet-sized space station with a two-meter wide hole in it that leads directly to the reactor core. Every time the Empire does maintenance on the hull Darth Vader has to remind the workers not to horse around lest they drop a paint brush or wrench down the opening and destroy the entire station. -- Mr. Cranky
They've got it all wrong, it seems we'll never get along, and now they're rioting in my front yard. -- Rugburns
They've played their hearts out.
Thieves do it in leather.
Thieves do it when you're not looking.
Thieves do it with tools.
Thin may be in, but fat's where it's at
THINE'S LAW: Nature abhors people.
Things are certainly looking up.
Things are going to get a lot worse before things get worse. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Things are going very well on the whole.
Things are gradually falling into place. On top of me.
Things are more like they are today than they ever were before. -- Dwight Eisenhower
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. -- Calvin
Things are not always what they seem. -- Phaedrus
Things are not as bad as they seem - they're worse
Things are seldom what they seem; skim milk masquerades as cream.
Things aren't as interesting if everything is as it seems. Wild speculation is fun. -- Adam Rifkin
Things fall apart, the center cannot hold. -- W.B. Yeats
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.
Things go better with fat. -- Jen Zinn
Things is weird here. Morale is low. But we're not bitter. And we don't dwell. -- Megan Coughlin
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. -- Abraham Lincoln
Things Not To Do in Formula One Racing. IF you are racing at Spa-Francorchamps, try not to do it in the RAIN. IF you must, use RAIN TIRES. Not INTERMEDIATES. They don't work so well in the RAIN. UNLESS you're British; then use TYRES. -- Paul Mazaitis
Things past redress and now with me past care.
Things should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -- Art Linkletter
Things were more like they used to be than they are now.
Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Things will be brighter tonight. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Things will get better, despite our efforts to improve them. -- Will Rogers
Things will get worse before they get better. Who said things would get better?
Things won't get any better, so get used to it.
Things work better when plugged in.
Things worth having are worth cheating for.
Things you don't hear on Star Trek: Uhura, I'm scared; Shut 'er down Scotty, she's suckin' mud!; Dammit Spock! That's the fifteenth nutterbutter you've eaten today!
Things you want to pound and pound with a shovel... -- Laura Ferguson
Think --- maybe the Joneses are trying to keep up with you!
Think about how many good 3D films have been made. (Hint: you can count all of them on the fingers of your ear.) Blindly applying technology without paying attention to any content yields bad, sterile art. See also: practically ever web site ever created. -- Andrew Stellman
Think all crack is created equal? What are you smoking? -- Crack Afficionado
Think at your own risk.
Think big. Pollute the Mississippi.
Think dirty!
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Think how much fun you could have with a doctors wife and a bag of apples.
Think it over, creep. -- Robocop
Think like a man of action and act like a man of thought. -- Henri Bergson
Think much, speak little, write less.
Think of all the things you wish you could be doing. Make a list of the reasons why you're not doing them. Cross off all the reasons that are really just excuses. Now ask yourself what's _really_ stopping you... -- Tony Tribby
Think of it as reality and it becomes reality. -- John Dobbin
Think of it With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.
Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
Think of the biggest number you can. Now add five. Then, imagine if you had that many Twinkies. Wow, that's five more than the biggest number you could come up with!
Think of the going out before you enter.
Think of the most powerful thing you can (I mean like a black hole or a supernova, not a Chevy). Double it. Add sharp things. Remove all goodness. Wrap it in a cute, cuddly bunny costume. -- John Chaffey
Think of your family tonight. Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
Think of yourself as the body at a Irish wake. They need you in order to have the party, but nobody expects you to say much. -- Anthony Lake
Think strategic, act tactical.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
Think twice before speaking, but don't say think think click click.
Think twice before speaking. But don't say "think think click click".
Think twice before speaking. But don't say ``think think click click''.
Think twice before speaking. But don't say think think click click.
Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such a friend. -- William Butler Yeats
Think where man's glory most begins and ends. And say my glory was I had such friends. -- William Butler Yeats
Think you're really righteous? Think you're really smart? Well, I know I'm a million times as humble as thou art. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Think, grasshopper... -- Kung Fu
Thinking about reviving the ol' edible pillow idea? -- Adam Rifkin
Thinking is like alcohol. It's good in small doses, but most people get really stupid if they do too much. -- John Dobbin
Thinking is the cause of all error. After a mistake you say, "Oh, but I thought..."
Thinking is the hardest work a man can do, which is probably why so few engage in it. -- Henry Ford
Thinking is the process of anticipating what you're going to say next. -- DJ Byrne
Thinking of the kind that GPS and other AI models that attempt to reason from first principles hardly occurs at all. -- Riesbeck & Schank
Thinking of Wired as a techno-rag of any sort is liable to lead to confusion. Wired is a *lifestyle magazine*, and has little more or less to recommend it than any other one. It has a lot more in common with GQ or Modern Homes and Gardens than it does with Byte. -- Paul Dourish (jpd@research.apple.com)
Thinking quickly Spock opens a can of peas with his ears.
Thinking's what got you into trouble in the first place. -- Northern Exposure
Thinly sliced cabbage.
Third of Five, six of one, half a dozen of the other
Thirty days hath Septober, April, June, and no wonder. All the rest have peanut butter, except my father who wears red suspenders.
This [approach] would violate special relativity, so we decided not to try to implement it. -- Andrew Tanenbaum
This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us. -- Western Union memo (1877)
This above all, to thine own self be true, then it must follow as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
This acid must be good. It feels like I'm driving!
This afternoon is favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
This ain't alt.angst.support, homeboy. Cold and inhumane revulsion is how we view the world, and how the world views us. -- Kilroy
This ain't no party This ain't no disco This ain't no foolin' around
This area is temporarily out of use, while I think of something worthwhile.
This article is an endless litany of bogus conclusions based off of optimistic, yet flawed assumptions. -- Steve Davis
This article is to prevent various automatic software from thinking this is an empty newsgroup and nuking it. If this had been a real article you would have become titillated. -- Brian Reid
This bag will self-destruct in mother earth. -- from a Japanese grocery bag
This boy is one of the top ten minds in the country. One day I hope to be two of them. -- Real Genius
This bud is so stinky you have to keep it in three bags and you can still smell it from across the room, one hit and you are stoned to the bone and crying for mama.
This calls for a celebration.
This calls for a very special blend of psychology and extreme violence.
This can't be heaven, must've took a wrong turn. -- Rugburns
This car is constipated. It can't pass a thing.
This career is supposed to be really high paying. Oh well. At least I'm not out on the corner of Market and Van Ness with a cardboard sign saying "Will Animate For Food. God Bless" -- Terri Selting
This Charlie Brown must have been a very wise man.
This chick is TOAST. -- Ghostbusters
This chicken ought to be ashamed of himself... these are sweatshop eggs! -- Kramer (on Seinfeld)
This child is getting wildly out of wing. -- The Lion King
This class was a religious experience for me... I had to take it all on faith.
This code is _distributed_??? -- Rajit Manohar
This code is crap. Utter crap. Utter, pure, unadulterated CRAP. Not ONLY [could this guy not] code his way out 211, but he couldn't DESIGN an ALGORITHM that'd pass muster in 212, or a bleedin' FILE FORMAT that wouldn't get him laughed out of a PRESCHOOL. -- Rob Earhart
This code won't compile, but it is in iambic pentameter. -- Ken Blackman
This committee has not tried to determine whether the National Security Agency tendency to advance exaggerated claims of authority ... stems from conscious policy or the actions of individual NSA employees. -- The Government's Classification of Private Ideas, House Report 96-1540
this compact disc is made from analog masters recorded without noise reduction. half the tracks, in fact, were recorded in a dismal, cheap basement eight-track studio with puddles of water on the floor. digital technology will now faithfully reproduce these noisy, low-fi, un-professional masters at great expense. feel stupid yet? -- disclaimer on a CD
This computer makes me all frowny with pure nougat-filled hatred! -- Jhonen Vasquez
This contract doesn't include a Sanity Clause. Everyone knows, there ain't no Sanity Clause. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
This course kept me out of trouble from 2-4:30 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
This damn Sesame Street generation. I asked my secretary the other day to take a letter. She picked N.
THIS definitely takes, eats and defecates the cake.
This demented donkey-kong country nintendo action sucks.
This does not require a mathematician. It doesn't even take a CPA. -- Joel Franklin
This EIGHT dollar dish will cost you a THOUSAND dollars in phone calls to the legal firm of That's Mine, This is Yours. -- When Harry Met Sally
This election is about who's going to be the next President of the United States -- Senator Dan Quayle
This email was successfully sent using Microsoft Windows 95 and Eudora Pro. That fact alone, proves that miracles do happen. -- Tim Byars
This evil game can lead to satanism, violence, drug use, murder, incest... -- a minister on D&D (1976)
This explains a lot about me. I thought it was the heavy drinking, the late hours, the barking mad women, the lying around in bed reading novels and eating Nescafe out of a jar with the spoon. But it's because of the Mac. -- Tony Cunningham
This fellow Charles Lindbergh will never make it. He's doomed. -- Harry Guggenheim
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
This film is not just bad; it's dangerous. -- Mr. Cranky
This film is pretty much like an episode of "Friends" gone horribly awry, analogous to Ross, Joey and Chandler spending their half an hour passing out naked pictures of Monica at the local coffee shop. -- Mr. Cranky
This film was so painfully bad, I needed an epidural half way through it. -- Dennis Miller on Swing Kids
This flick hits you like a naked senior citizen giving out raisins. -- Baked Potatoes
This fortune every third, but it still comprehensible.
This fortune intentionally left blank.
This fortune intentionally not included.
This fortune is false.
This fortune is inoperative. Please try another.
This fortune is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.
This fortune will not come true.
This game is exceedingly simple. -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
This goes beyond the limits of good taste. -- Beavis
This guy has blown me off for the last time. -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
This guy says we should increase the pay of Congressmen to remove incentive for them to engage in illegal acts. By that theory, criminals aren't bad, just underpaid. -- Scott Adams
This guy would go home with a gardening tool if it showed interest. -- Jerry Maguire
this guy, who according to his title is an engineer of topography (whatever that is), has the idea of natural selection completely wrong. furthermore, his lack of knowledge of fracture mechanics and cyclic stress theory leads him to ridiculous conclusions. this is akin to some kung-fu movie where an entire army of soliders attacks the hero one by one, and thus we conclude that the hero is stronger than the army. translation: hes getting laid. -- Chris Heiser
This had an upside in that the XML process was relatively untroubled by the kind of time-wasting industry politics and bureaucratic infighting that are inevitable in an organization such as W3C. -- Tim Bray
This has always been a man's world, and none of the reasons hitherto brought forward in explanation has seemed adequate. -- Simone de Beauvoir
This has been a remarkably successful week.
This hitteth the nail on the head. -- J. Heywood (1597-1580)
This information fills a much needed gap
This Information Superhighway Carries Some Very Silly Drivers. -- Wall Street Journal (Novemer 23, 1993, section C, page 1 bottom left corner)
This is a *dangerous* place.
This is a .sigmund. "You're late for your session, ez." "I know, I was on the Net." "You know you're using the Net to replace the love you never felt as a child." "Bite me doc." -- ezwriter@netcom.com
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys ...
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
This is a DANGEROUS place.
This is a Ferengi Tagline. You owe me 500 credits for reSLMRTAG
This is a good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
This is a good time to punt work.
This is a great book. You should buy it immediately unless you have absolutely no interest in computers, in which case you should get a life first and THEN buy the book. -- Steve Jackson on The New Hackers' Dictionary
This is a hell of a time for a walk in the park. -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
This is a one line proof... if we start sufficiently far to the left. -- Cambridge University math professor
This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or... pretz. -- Friends
This is a selling point. If what you're selling is suicide. -- Cindy Parker
This is a signature Robert Altman film in that it plays out like a slow-motion train wreck. -- Mr. Cranky
This is a Tagline mirror><rorrim enilgaT a si sihT
This is a test of the Emergency Bitching System, repeat this is only a test. Had this been a true emergency the explitive you heard would have been followed by instructions from local and/or federal government offices. -- Mark Denovich
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
This is a test of the emergency SIGNAL system. This is only a test.
This is a used road and I want a discount.
This is a very small story in a very big war and as such, Spielberg has utterly depoliticized the entire thing, which is probably okay except that it means listening to Neanderthals root for people to be shot in the face and utter "cool" and "neato" when people's limbs fly across the screen as Spielberg sets new standards for cinematic war realism. -- Mr. Cranky
This is a Woozle. His name is Peanut. -- Jeff Dunham
This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof. -- Neil Gaiman (The Books of Magic)
This is abuse. Arguments are down the hall. -- Monty Python
this is all well and good for Real Programmers, but what about the majority of programmers writing for Real World apps? -- Ethan Schartman
This is an age for heroes. The test of this century is whether we mistake the growth of wealth and power for growth of strength and character. -- Vincent Thomas Lombardi
This is an air fragrance product. It does not have supernatural powers. -- from an aerosol can at Woolworth's
This is an era when nonsense has become acceptable and sanity is controversial. Too many people fail to see a distinction between "the rule of law" and the edicts of judges. Unfortunately, these people include many judges. -- Thomas Sowell
This is an old joke. There was a street clown called King of the Mice: he trained rodents, he did horoscopes, he could impersonate Napolean, he could make dogs fart on command. One night he jumped out his window with all his pets in a box. Written on the box was this: 'Life is serious but art is fun!' I hear his funeral was a party. A street artist had killed himself. Nobody had supported him but now everybody missed him. Now who would make the dogs make music and the mice pant? The bear knows this too: It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious. Prostitutes know this too. -- John Irving
This is an Uzi. This is an Uzi on full auto. Any questions? -- William Starr
This is another step forward in the evolution of Java. We're very excited to be able to offer developers the opportunity to easily display lines of text... -- Jon Kannegaard (Javasoft VP of software products, May 27, 1997, (approximately a year after Java's release))
This is as true in everyday life as it is in battle: We are given one life and the decision is ours whether to wait for circumstances to make up our mind, or whether to act, and in acting, to live. -- General Omar Bradley
This is beyond B.O., it's B.B.O! -- George (Seinfeld)
This is beyond every woman's worst nightmare, and it's not a story that makes men feel bad. -- Candace Bushnell
This is bullshit. On this list and in thousands of other places every day, words like "you're" and "than" are spelled "your" and "then", does this mean that they're correct? Negative, it means people are fucking stupid. Usage does not dictate language, rules dictate language. Usage follows rules. -- Chris Morgan
This is business, not friendship. You gotta be strong, because you're global now. Worldwide. -- Jerry Maguire
This is CMU. We all lose. -- Derrick Brashear
This is cut with so much baking soda that it's making me pull out my hair. -- Rugburns
This is delicious. Is it hand shucked? -- What About Bob
This is Elvis. Any messages for me?
This is exactly what the geese do. Nice to see that arrogance is not a uniquely human character trait. -- John Dobbin
This is for all ill-treated fellows Unborn and unbegot, For them to read when they're in trouble And I am not. -- A. E. Housman
This is Golden Boy's son, Baby Blue. -- Seinfeld
This is good beer. Remind me to take this world. -- Lost Destiny
This is great! The routing is working the way it's supposed to for the first time in months! This is awesome! This is great! This means I can have a transitional phase while I switch to a new provider!
This is GREAT! To be young, stupid and have absolutely no future whatsoever! I LOVE Brooklyn!!! -- Dan Aykroyd (Samurai Night Fever)
This is hell. This is hell. I am sorry to tell you, it never gets better or worse. -- Elvis Costello
This is how you can tell a real photographer: mostly, a real photographer does not say 'I wish I had my camera on me right now'. Instead a real photographer pulls out her camera and takes the photograph. -- Neil Gaiman
This is ice. This is what happens to water when it gets too cold. This is Kent. This is what happens to a man when he gets too sexually frustrated. -- Real Genius
This is is your captain speaking. If you'd like to land safely, there's something I've always wanted to see a CEO do.
This is it. Billions of dollars of development in computers and miniaturization technology, all so I can have Jenna Jameson and a cheap knock-off of "The Bard's Tale" in my pants.
This is Joe Camel. This is Joe Camel on a respirator. Any questions?
This is just like spin-the-bottle ... only freakishly wrong. -- Mike Wallace
This is like a cross between 'Thelma & Louise' and 'Raise the Titanic'. -- Colin MacDonald
This is like acting. I'm pretending I'm single. -- Howard Stern
This is like being on acid and walking into Disneyland. -- unknown www first-timer
This is more indicative of your stupidity than any ability I have to give good advice. -- John Dobbin
This is more than just a spoke in my menstrual cycle. -- Heathers
This is more than subversive; it's a threat to the fabric of society as a whole. Think of the kind of world we would live in if men knew they could be artists simply by running around and sticking their penises into weird places. Every time you picked up a coffee cup or replaced a light bulb you'd have to check carefully to make sure an artist hadn't been there first. -- Mr. Cranky
This IS my costume. I'm a homicidal maniac. They look like everyone else. -- Addams Family
This is my graceland. -- Ace Ventura
This is my quest, to follow that star, no matter how hopeless, no matter how far. -- Man of la Mancha
This is my writing. It's for you to read, not take. As an author I am legally entitled to control the distribution of my words. -- Dave Siegel
This is NANOG. If someone posted "The Earth is round" I suspect we'd have: 1 post saying the earth is a sphere; 5 posts saying the earth is flat; 9 posts correcting them, saying is egg-shaped; 2 posts explaining how the shape varies depending on the dynamic properties of the core; 1 post saying its bigger on the bottom than on the top; 2 posts from Australia claiming the poster was engaging in hemispherism and the globe doesn't have a "bottom" or "top"; 2 posts with JPG files from NASA showing the earth is round; 3 posts complaining about the size of the JPG images; 7 posts saying the images are NSA forgeries; 2 posts saying its off-topic for this list; 7 posts discussing the appropriate topics for the list; 2 posts saying MAE-east could be hit be an asteroid; 3 posts discussing off-planet backup facilities; 9 posts discussing the RTT of martian packets; 5 posts debating on the proper way to calculate the speed of light; 3 posts on the SETI@Home project; 5 posts on making SETI@Home run on linux machines; 1 post asking how to configure a Cisco router to run SETI@Home -- Sean Donelan
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
This is no movie. It's one long, boring episode of "The Love Boat." -- Mr. Cranky
This is no time to act like a gentleman. I am a cad and shall react like one. -- George Sanders
This is no two-bit suckiness we are talking here. This is major league. Sucks with a capital S. Big time Hooverism. -- Reverend Heiny
This is not a black and white world; to be alive, I say the colors must be swirled. -- Live
This is not a black and white world; you can't afford to believe in your side. -- Live
This is not a book to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown away with great force. -- Dorothy Parker
This is not a good year for foreign investments. Actually, this is not a good year for investments. In fact, this is not a good year.
This is not a guy, it's a syndrome. -- Jerry Maguire
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force. -- Dorothy Parker
This is not a security hole in ssh. This is a security hole in the head of any Unix sysadmin who uses "finger" or "who" to see who's using their system.
This is not a test. This is rock and roll! -- Robin Williams
This is not a working fortune cookie. Please hang up and try again.
This is not an abandoned vehicle. -- Bumper sticker
This is NOT Mel Torme. -- Top Secret
This is not my beautiful wife/house! -- Talking Heads
This is not the typical O'Reilly book that tells you how to build a Unix firewall machine from a box of toothpicks and an old coffee maker. There are no code listings, no listings of function parameters, and no workarounds on little known bugs in SunOS 4.1.4. -- Louis Rosenfeld & Peter Morville (Information Architecture for the World Wide Web)
This is NP-complete, which, if you don't recognize that, it's something we in computer science use to frighten small children. -- Prof. Eric Cooper
This is one American Marine who will always tell the truth, Sir. -- Ollie North
This is one of many special ML features to encourage good code by preventing any code from being written. ... Think about it all the liability you avoid by never shipping anything! -- Robert Rodgers
This is one of my most creative periods ever.
This is only a slight step above, "Mine are white. At least, when I put them on." -- John Dobbin
This is only an exhibition. This is not a competition. So please, no wagering. -- David Letterman
This is our NeXT cluster. These are top of the line Macintoshes.... -- unknown CMU tour guide
This is our only tag line.
This is Porky Pig of Borg. You will be asi-asi-asi-asi-asi-asi... you will join us.
This is probably as bad as it can get, but don't count on it.
This is Sherwood, Ohio. If you're not holding a brewski you may as well be wearing a dress. -- Heathers
This is starting to sound like one of Richard's columns isn't it? Oh well, more fodder for the single mind theory, eh? -- John Dobbin
This is the best of all possible worlds.
This is the biggest story I have ever seen. Or at least the latest biggest story. -- Steve Friedman (executive producer of NBC's Today Show on the O.J. Simpson story)
This is the cunning Carla and the long-limbed Lenore. -- Forrest Gump
This is the day for firm decisions Or is it?
This is the field for you. You'll run rings around 'em. Everything is all set. Count on it. Ha! Ha! Ha! Get it? Get it?
This is the goriest episode of 90210 I've ever seen. -- unknown Starship Troopers reviewer
This is the grandest of all! -- Jack Perkins
This is the guy who was counting semi-colons, huh? And yet he used one where a colon would have been more appropriate. What a... colon. -- Megan Coughlin
This is the kind of film that makes you count the number of lights in the theater's ceiling (mine had eleven) and debate whether or not you should kick the person in front of you in the back of the head just to see some action. -- Mr. Cranky
This is the kind of low-grade grad-student abuse the American Science Establishment was built upon... such vile, ostentatious cluelessness... -- Rohit Khare
This is the LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
This is the light at the end of the tunnel.
This is the only place in the country where people pull over and stop for a funeral procession, but speed up to cut off an ambulence or a firetruck.
This is the philosophical ramblings of a tortured mind. We'll print it exactly the way he wants it. -- Bob Guccione
This is the sacred appendage compendium party pack. -- Blackadder
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put. -- Winston Churchill
This is the stickiest situation since Sticky the stick insect got stuck on a sticky bun. -- Blackadder Goes Forth
This is the thin edge of the wedge, folks. -- Anne Harwell
This is the time to remember, but we won't although we'll want to. -- Billy Joel
This is the true nature of home - it is the place of Peace, the shelter, not only from injury, but from all terror, doubt and division. -- John Ruskin
This is the voice of world control. I have brought Peace.
this is the voice you have learned to giggle hysterically at, this is the voice of an overly dramatic sample. -- glamboy
This is this. -- Phantom Creeps 1
This is truly a breakthrough in text-editing technology. People have said that text editors are boring, but thanks to the amazing speed offered by the TACK board, you'll have so much fun that you'll need to be sedated. -- Rich Siegel (President and CEO, Bare Bones Software)
This is twice now that I've been awake, taken this powerful anti-sleep drug, and conked out cold and hard for an hour and a half within minutes. -- Rohit Khare
This is what Computer Science is all about... coming up with cute names. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
THIS is what makes Doctress Neutopia so difficult to satirize... if your idea is sufficiently off-the-wall to be funny, you run the risk that the Doctress will accept it whole-heartedly... -- Doctor Mike (BGMTN & Treasury Secretary)
This is why I have such a hard time with reincarnation. It really lends a sense of futility to everything. -- John Dobbin
This is yet another foreign film where no one explodes, speaks English, or tries (at the very least) to sleep with a serial killer. Man! When will they learn? People don't go into movie theaters to read. If I want to read, I'll stay at home with one of those magazines I buy only for the articles. -- Mr. Cranky
This is your brain on drugs with a side order of hash browns.
This is your receipt for your husband...and this is my receipt for your receipt. -- Brazil
This is, of course, too beautiful for me to put into context. -- Paul Mazaitis
This isn't a holodeck, darling, this is real. -- O'Brien
This isn't a joint... it's a frozen french fry. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
This isn't a trotting terrain! -- Michelle Gardner on Haleakala
This isn't celibate. This is just not getting lucky for a little bit. -- Richard Goodman
This isn't crowing. It's a sad inventory of what it takes to actually stretch me too thin, smeared out across spacetime, TRAVELMAN Rohit Khare",
This isn't going to have a happy ending. -- Seven
This isn't hell, but I can see it from here.
This isn't right. This isn't even wrong. -- Wolfgang Pauli
This isn't the real world. You've surrounded yourself with weirdos! -- Ed Wood
This javaspaces crap drives me crazy: just more marketing. tuple spaces are _completely_ isomorphic to pub/sub message-passing. -- Joe Kiniry
This just in: Bill Gates is an unscrupulous businessman and a big, fat liar. Attention newspaper publishers: This is not a scoop. -- Brooke Shelby Biggs (Packet)
This large, nonvoting majority has been winning every election. -- Slacker
This life is a test, it is only a test.
This life is a test. It is only a test. Had this been an actual life, you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
This life is just a first draft. I'll do better with the next one.
This line from Shakespeare has delusions of grandeur. -- Douglas R Hofstadter
This line left intentionally almost blank.
This line soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
This line was intentionally left justified.
This logic/grey argument is the dumbest fucking thing I've seen in a very very long time. You people have taken the good name of debate and turned it into a philosophical maze with no end in site. Everyone is right and everyone is wrong. Trying to take logic to the level of "does logic even exist" in a debate format is stupid. Stop it. Now. Someone will say "everything is grey" then someone else will say "ah, but grey is composed of black and white". I say "shut it" and lets talk about power pop. -- Randy Goldstein
This login session: $13.99
This login session: $13.99, but for you $11.88.
this looks like a wonderful account of mismanagement and incompetence on every level. on the other hand, it's netscape, so we already knew that. -- Andrew Stellman
This man is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
This means a lot to me, because as you know, I'm an emotionally unstable and desperately needy little man. -- Nathan Lane
This means I am recognized wherever I go, though I sometimes try to disguise myself by saying that I am often mistaken for Hawking. Why was (the book) such a success? A contributing element must be the fact that I am disabled, or should I say, physically challenged. -- Stephen Hawking in Prospect magazine
This medical officer has used my ship to carry his genitals from port to port, and my officers to carry him from bar to bar.
This memo is to notify you that you are happy in your job. If you have any questions, please contact the Personnel office at extension x3088. Thank you. -- Kevin Knight
This message cleared by Iraqi censors.
This message is $hareWare To register, please send $20
This message is brought to you by the number 18394 and the word THEODOLITE.
This message is printed on recycled phosphors.
This message is SHAREWARE To Register, send $5.
This message is supported in part by the National Endowment for the Inanities.
This message was brought to you by the letter digamma and the number atan(3). -- Robert Harley
This message was cruelly tested on small, furry animals.
This message written by Dolphin Boy.
This message written by Sandy. A highly trained dolphin.
This message written by Zippy the Dolphin.
This meszage has bin spel chequed.
This mind intentionally left blank.
This monster is not human. It feels no pain. It cannot be reasoned with. -- Butt-head
This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the Fruit of the Loom guys laughing at me. -- Rodney Dangerfield
This movie... how should I put it... is ruled over by the gods of suck. -- May Jawdat
This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays. -- Douglas Adams
This never would've happened if I were captain. -- Riker
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
This non-smoking area is protected by Smokey the Bear. If he catches you smoking he will crush your butt.
This note alone might be cause for putting you in a nice white coat. -- John Dobbin
This officer is really not so much of a has-been, but more of a definitely won't be.
This officer reminds me very much of a gyroscope: always spinning around at a frantic pace, but not really going anywhere at all.
This officer should go far. And the sooner he starts, the better.
This one doesn't have a mirror at home. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
This one is an ANSI standard fuse blower. -- Steven Hawthorne
This one's tricky. You have to use imaginary numbers, like eleventeen... -- Calvin
This only grant me, that my means may lie too low for envy, for contempt too high. -- Abraham Cowley
This page is intentionally left blank. -- IBM
This paper was awful through-and-through, and you owe me a red pen.
This parrot is bleeding demised. It is an ex-parrot -- John Cleese
This person doesn't even register on the most generous clue meter available. Just when you think the standard of stupidity on the internet has peaked someone charges past the previous mark. -- John Dobbin
This phone is baroque; please call Bach later.
This place has everything.
This portion of UTS II is a trade secret of Amdahl Corporation.
This post does not represent the official opinions of ATK, C&C, or any other groups that may have changed their names from one of those recently. -- Andrew Plotkin
This post would make a good introduction to a book about AbUsenet.
This president is going to lead us out of this recovery. It will happen. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
This principle is so perfectly general that no particular application of it is possible. -- George Polya
This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like. -- Forbes Burkowski
This product was cruelly tested on small, furry animals.
This program contains scenes of frontal nudity and extreme violence. VIEWER DISCRETION IS ADVISED. Yeeeesssss! Discretion is Cool. -- Beavis and Butt-Head
This program makes me look like a genius.
This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and what Dick Clark and Ed McMahon like to call "Bloopers and Practical Jokes." You may be able to identify forward-looking statements by words such as "should," "could," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts" or "incoming!" Also, the phrases "Look out! Here comes a forward-looking statement" and "I got your forward-looking statement right here, IPO boy" are good tip-offs. Such forward-looking statements are not historical facts. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or that you will not pay a lot for this muffler. -- David Futrelle (Upside)
This punishment is not boring and pointless. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
This race is as tight as a too-small bathing suit on a too-long ride back from the beach. -- Dan Rather
This report is filled with omissions.
This screen intentionally left blank.
This section of the Information Superhighway has been closed until further notice, as we have taken your money, built a spaceship, and decided to party in space.
This sentance has threee errors.
This sentence contains exactly ten instances of the letter e.
This sentence contains ten words, eighteen syllables, and sixty-four letters.
This sentence contains threee errrors.
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't. -- Douglas Hofstadter
This sentence has absolutely nothing to say.
This sentence is a premature punctuator
This sentence is false.
This sentence no verb.
This sentence will end before you can say
This server has encountered an internal error which prevents it from fulfilling your request and there's not a darn thing you can do about it. The most likely cause is a misconfiguration, or the fact that this is all a plot by the government to drive you insane. Please ask the administrator to look for messages in the server's error log. His name is Mel. You can find his home phone number is listed in the code for this page. If a woman named Mabel answers for the love of God hang up! -- www.sony.com
This session has been hit by an avalanche of creepin' paralysis. -- Stanley Steingut
This should not be interpreted as an official response of any sort. Never mind who I am. -- Dan Lovinger
This side up
This sounds really good, but i dont have a kitty, can i substitute stupid end users? -- Marcy Lewis
This space for rent.
This space intentionally left blank.
This space intentionally left what would otherwise be blank were this not here.
This space left blankish.
This spoon is carefully balanced for throwing. -- Geoff Spear
This square bugs me! He really bugs me! -- Wild Rebels
This staff of mine has transformed itself into a dragon and has swallowed up the universe! Oh, where are the rivers and mountains and the great earth?
This story does NOT contain a naked teenage nympho skydiver having midair relations with her six instructors and then landing, still naked, in a cucumber patch. Sorry, folks. -- Dawson Rambo
This story's the bunk! -- Hudsucker Proxy
This strange disease of modern life, with its sick hurry. -- Matthew Arnold (The Scholar-Gypsy, 1853)
This struct already has a perfectly good definition. -- Apple MPW C compiler error message
This suffering will yield us yet a pleasant tale to tell. -- Virgil
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
This Tag Line no verb.
This tagline was reclaimed and is not yet stolen.
This talk is totally opinion rich and practically fact free.
This Thanksgiving is gonna be a special one. My mom says I don't have to sit at the card table. -- Jim Samuels
This thesis is dedicated to all those who did not dedicate their thesis to themselves.
This thing with Kurt Cobain has gotten so bad, even the suicide prevention people are considering ending it all. -- Howard Stern
This time we didn't forget the gravy.
This time, I didn't forget the gravy.
This town has always has its share of crazies. I wouldn't live anywhere else. -- Slacker
This translates roughly as, "why buy music/food/whatever when you can buy RAM?" -- Robert Rodgers
This unfathomable spy movie is about a master of disguise who dresses up as, among other things, a Spanish poet and an academic doofus to trick the heroine (a lonely but gorgeous physicist with heart disease) into surrendering the cold-fusion formula she carries in her bra. And that's the part that makes sense. -- Stephen Harrigan
This unit ... must ... survive.
This universe is sold by mass, not by volume. Some expansion may have occurred during shipment.
This Universe must not fail. -- Sir Oliver Lodge
This useless tidbit thanks to an increasing obsession with reading Newsweek cover-to-cover each week. -- Sam Kass
This vandal got tired of painting swastikas on synagogues so now he's painting Rx signs on Christian Science reading rooms.
This wallpaper is killing me. One of us has to go. -- Oscar Wilde
This warranty excludes damage caused by sharkbite, bear attack, or children under 5.
This warthog you're stuck with for life... (Everybody Loves Raymond)
This was emotionally exhausting. Let's not do it agina sometime. -- Rohit Khare
This was no boating accident. -- Jaws
This was not a trivial matter like taking a pen or a pencil. The helmet in question was Darth Vader's helmet. -- Hon. John Metcalf
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
This was to be my final hit, but let's be clear about this. There's final hits and final hits. What kind was this to be? -- Trainspotting
This web page is the most self-indulgent, egotistical thing I have ever done in my life. But the day is young. I can top it. -- Scott Adams
This web project is the most self-indulgent, egotistical thing I have ever done in my life. But the day is young. I can top it. -- Scott Adams
This whole business requires careful and profound reflection to solve without distrubing the current balance of things. I'm off to the loo.
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
This will be a memorable month--no matter how hard you try to forget it.
This world is a comedy for those who think but a tragedy for those who feel. -- Horace Walpole
This writing business. Pencils and what-not. Overrated if you ask me. Silly stuff. Nothing in it. -- AA Milne's Eeyore
This young lady has delusions of adequacy.
This, of all my professional decisions, has been and will be the most charged and charmed one of all. -- Rohit Khare
THOM'S LAW OF MARITAL BLISS: The length of a marriage is inversely proportional to the cost of the wedding.
Thomas Carlisle said that the best effect of any book is to excite the reader into self-activity. That man clearly never ran a library. -- Gun in Mary Lou's Handbag
Thomas Edison had a bright idea.
Thomas Jefferson was that funny black guy who was married to Weezie. -- David Letterman
Thor just hammers away.
Thoreau's Law: If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intent of doing you good, you should run for your life.
Those are my principles. If you don't like them, I have others. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Those are the whitest teeth I have ever come across.
Those AREN'T PILLOWS!!! -- Planes, Trains, and Automobiles
Those darn French people. So touchy. Quel mauvais suget! -- Megan Coughlin
Those German lawmakers seem to be anti-Neo-Nazi Nazis or something. -- Sam Kass
Those junior high kids are dead meat, I promise you! -- Dazed and Confused
Those of you who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
Those of you who think they know everything, are very annoying to those of us who do
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Those stars are often a mark of quality. -- Mack Rhinelander
Those that give up their freedom in the name of security shall have less of both and shall deserve neither. -- Ben Franklin
Those things are useful for a while, but once you're finally the Centauri Emperor they just nag, nag, nag.... -- Greg Plesur
Those three little words that mean so much: "Shut up, dear."
Those visiting the House of Unix are not in for a treat. They are visitors to a U.N. relief mission in the third world, not to Disneyland. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Those who are obsessed by ideology are the Republican Party, where they are in such disarray that the right hand doesn't know what the far right hand is doing -- Vice President Al Gore
Those who are possessed by nothing possess everything. -- Morehei Ueshiba (Founder of Aikido, "The Art of Peace")
Those who are prospering do not argue about taxes.
Those who are proud of an orderly desk, will never know the thrill of finding something they thought was irretrievably lost.
Those who are the most moral are the farthest from the problem. -- Anthony
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber. -- Plato
Those who are willing to face the music may someday lead the band.
Those who believe in miracles when it comes to matters of the heart may believe that there is a perfect mate for each of us waiting to be discovered somewhere in the world. But if this is true, the far greater miracle is the frequency with which the Fates conspire to place this person within walking distance. -- Introduction to Psychology (Atkinson, Atkinson, Smith, Hillgard)
Those who call the shots are never in the line of fire. -- Ani Difranco
Those who can -- do.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, get patents.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, simulate.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, supervise.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. Those who can't teach, hack.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. Those who can't teach, teach gym. -- Woody Allen
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. -- George Bernard Shaw
Those who can, do. Those who can't, write the instructions.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, write.
Those who can, do; those who can't, teach; and those who can't teach, teach teachers.
Those who can't -- teach.
Those who can't teach administrate.
Those who can't teach consult.
Those who can't teach, teach gym.
Those who can't write, write help files.
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -- George Santayana
Those who control their passions do so because their passions are weak enough to be controlled. -- William Blake
Those who corrupt the public mind are just as evil as those who steal from the public purse. -- Adlai Stevenson
Those who danced were thought to be quite insane by those who could not hear the music.
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves. -- Abe Lincoln
Those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart don't know how to laugh either. -- Golda Meir
Those who do not understand Henry Spencer are doomed to quote him. -- John F. Haugh II
Those who do not understand UNIX are condemned to reinvent it -- badly. -- Henry Spencer
Those who don't remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. -- Edgar Allen Poe
Those who dream may not reach the sky, but they walk in stardust.
Those who enjoy the train, and those who do not enjoy the train, get to the same destination at the same time. -- John-Roger Peter McWilliams
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -- Thomas Paine
Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address.
Those who forget history are condemned to study it.
Those who forget this sentence are condemned to reread it.
Those who give up a little freedom for a little security, deserve neither freedom, nor security. -- Benjamin Franklin
Those who have mastered etiquette, who are entirely, impeccably right, would seem to arrive at a point of exquisite dullness. -- Dorothy Parker
Those who have never tried electronic communication may not be aware of what a "social skill" really is. One social skill that must be learned, is that other people have points of view that are not only different, but *threatening*, to your own. In turn, your opinions may be threatening to others. There is nothing wrong with this. Your beliefs need not be hidden behind a facade, as happens with face-to-face conversation. Not everybody in the world is a bosom buddy, but you can still have a meaningful conversation with them. The person who cannot do this lacks in social skills. -- Nick Szabo
Those who in quarrels interpose must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who insist on confusing an otherwise clear issue with scientific truths and verifiable information will probably end up squashed beneath an F-150. -- from the alt.autos.macho-trucks charter
Those who live are those who fight. -- Victor Hugo
Those who live by the nit, die by the nit.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -- John F. Kennedy
Those who say money can't buy happiness, don't know where to shop. -- rgv9488@ritvax.isc.rit.edu
Those who say money isn't everything, tend to have none. -- rgv9488@ritvax.isc.rit.edu
Those who sup with the Devil must have a very long spoon.
Those who talk don't know. Those who don't talk, know.
Those who think they know it all upset those of us who do.
Those who watch time never see it.
Those who worked the hardest are the last to surrender. -- Gary Ward
Those who would be young when they are old, must be old when they are young. -- John Ray (1670)
Those who would have nothing to do with thorns must never attempt to gather flowers.
Those whom God wishes to destroy, are first made mad.
Thou hast seen nothing yet. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Thou Shall Keep Right is a suburb of Minneapolis.
Thou shall not kill. Thou shall not commit adultery. Don't eat pork. I'm sorry, what was that last one? Don't eat pork. God has spoken. Is that the word of God or is that pigs trying to outsmart everybody? -- Jon Stewart
Thou shall not sleep within an interrupt handler.
Thou shalt not commit adultery... unless in the mood.
Thou shalt not forget thy mother and what she has done for thee. For she carried thee long beneath her heart as a heavy burden, and after the months were accomplished she bore thee. -- Egyptian proverb (1500 B.C.E.)
Thou shalt not use a queue as a database. -- The 10 Q-Mandments (http://www.messageq.com/ten-q.html)
Though flanked by two swarthy state troopers, Paula found her gaze drawn to the chubby saxophonist. -- Top 5
Though he soured the milk of human kindness, all is forgiven. -- Jellyfish
Though I took aspirin, pains persisted. I could not think at all. -- CS 138 student excuse
Though it is no longer present as a distinct subsystem, its essence is somehow still present, and will remain so. It floats in Tumbolia, along with hiccups that are not being hiccuped and characters in stories that are not being read. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendour in the grass, of glory in the flower. -- William Wordsworth
Though numerous are summoned, many less than a majority are ultimately selected.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thought for the day: Asking someone if they're on crack may *not* be the ideal way of saying, "What, are you high?" -- Robert Rodgers
Thought for the future: if you fall behind, and get sick, and blow two exams because you are sick as a dog and have three exams and a project due in one WEEK, no matter HOW well you do on the final exam you CANNOT get more than a C. Obvious solution: don't get behind. Real-world solution: don't get sick. -- Robert Rodgers
Thought I wouldn't notice you sneaking off, eh?
Thought takes man out of servitude into freedom. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thousands of years ago the Egyptians worshiped cats as gods. Cats have never forgotten this. -- Charles Herbig
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
Three books... Wait a minute. Nobody said anything about three books. -- Army of Darkness
Three can keep a secret, if two are dead.
Three cheers for life.
Three dozen pizzas from pizza hut. Thin slices. -- Gun in Mary Lou's Handbag
Three dreaded words to hear when making love: Pass the mayo.
Three eyed fish! With a taste that can't be beat! -- The Simpsons
Three Fatty Acid Radicals would be an excellent name for a rock band. -- Dave Barry
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes and caterpillers.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead. -- Benjamin Franklin
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. (Jean-Paul Sartre)
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. -- Jean-Paul Sartre
Three things cause sorrow to flee: water, green trees, and a beautiful face.
Three words: Chernobyl Sales Account. -- Top 5
Three words: Rose Garden kegger. -- Top 5
Through the pricking of my thumb, something wicked this way comes. -- Ray Bradbury
Throw it away and you will need it next day.
Throw me the whip! Throw me the idol! -- Raiders of the Lost Ark
Thunder makes all the noise. Lightning gets the job done.
Thunderbirds are go! -- MST3K
Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -- Dave Barry
Thus, the task is not so much to see what no one yet has seen, but to think what nobody yet has thought about that which everybody sees. -- Schopenhauer
Thus, we can go through the entire movie pretty sure that Forrest Gump and Good Will Hunting are going to run into each other at some point and discuss the finer points of advanced math or chocolates or war morality. -- Mr. Cranky
Ti Mandon baci. Sai che piaci. I'm sending you some kisses; I know you like them. -- baci candy wrapper
Tick - Tock, Tick - Tock. Time is wasting away...
Ticketmaster Corp. went public this week. The initial stock price was $14.50. Of course, with the service charge, it came out to $26.50 a share.
Tidbits, n. pl.: What you get when you blow up a tid.
Tie a yellow ribbon around Jane Fonda's neck.
Tiger! Tiger! burning bright, In the forests of the night, what immortal hand or eye, could frame thy fearful symmetry? -- Blake
Tigers are great, They're the toast of the town, Life's always better, When a tiger's around. -- Bill Watterson
Tilt your chair back, your breath is effecting my RAM!
Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills.
Tim Pierce... trisexual: men, women, and computers.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time as he grows old teaches all things. -- Aeschylus
Time between learning new words for people aged between 1 and 18: One word every 90 minutes!!! -- Psychology Today
Time cancels young pain. -- Euripides (431 BC)
Time doesn't exist. -- Slacker
Time eases all things. -- Sophocles (406 BC)
Time exists so everything doesn't happen at once. Space exists so everything doesn't happen to you. -- Ernest Prabhakar
Time flies in an airplane.
Time flies like an arrow, and fruit flies like a banana. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies when you're having fun. -- Jorge Gautier
Time flies like an arrow.
Time flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Time flies when you're having drinks. -- Steve Bajzek
Time flies when you're in a coma.
Time flies, when you don't know what you're doing.
Time goes, you say? Ah no! Time stays, *we* go. -- Austin Dobson
Time has a wonderful way of weeding out the trivial. -- Richard Ben Sapir
Time has slipped away. You tarried with trifles, victim of your folly. -- Frank Herbert (Dune)
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Time is a great teacher, unfortuneatly it kills all its pupils. -- Hector Berlioz
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is an illusion, lunch time doubly so.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. -- Douglas Adams
Time is an illusion... this late already??? gotta run!!
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life. -- William Faulkner
Time is infinitely long and each day is a vessel into which a great deal may be poured, if one will actually fill it up. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once. -- Woody Allen
Time is nature's way of making sure everything doesn't happen at once.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time is nature's way of preventing everything from happening at once. Space is nature's way of preventing everything from happening to you. -- David Hitlin's door
Time is never wasted when you're wasted all the time. -- Catherine Zandonella
Time is only a mode of thought, you know. -- E. Nesbit (The Story of the Amulet)
Time is running out. We must both do something monstrous before we die. -- Hunter S. Thompson to Ralph Steadman
Time is short, but it's all we have. -- Golden Years
Time is the fire in which we burn. -- Dr. Soron (Generations)
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time is the purest and cheapest form of doom. -- Jack Kerouac (Visions of Cody)
Time is too slow for those who wait; too swift for those who fear; too long for those who grieve; too short for those who rejoice. But for those who love, time is eternity. -- Lady Jane Fellowes (older sister of Diana, Princess of Wales, at her Hyde Park/London funeral/memorial service, 9/6/97)
Time keeps everything from happening at once. -- Buckaroo Banzai
Time Lords say, GO AHEAD. MAKE MY YESTERDAY.
Time really flies... when you waste it.
Time sneaks up on you like a windshield on a bug.
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Time takes time.
Time the destroyer is Time the preserver. -- T.S. Elliot
Time to die... -- Roy Batty
Time to put on some excessive force. -- Vijay Gill
Time to stop writing specification documents and start executing. We will execute until everyone is dead. Thank you, drive through. -- Faisal Jawdat
Time travel gives me nosebleeds. -- LaForge
Time wounds all heels. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Time's fun when you're having flies. -- Kermit the Frog
Times are so bad, a penny for your thoughts doesn't seem like such a bad deal.
Times when state in names is useful - when you are transmitting information over a very low bandwidth medium, eg, slide presentations to senior management. -- Vijay Gill
Tinsel is really mirrors for snakes.
Tip 33. If it works, use it. On the other hand, don't use it just because it works. This is a Zen riddle. Only yin-yang programmers can understand the contradiction it entails. -- Paul DiLascia (Microsoft Systems Journal, Volume 8 No. 11, Nov 1993)
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Tipper Gore is so uptight, she walks with her legs crossed. -- Dennis Miller
Tipping is not a city in China. -- Barney's Beanery
Tippy toe! Tippy toe! -- Seinfeld
Tired of cleaning yourself? Let me do it.
Tired of the same old culture, day after day? Make up your own! -- dmorgan@luna.nmt.edu
Tiresome and boring wholesale company seeks indolent people with a total lack of service-mindedness for a job that is completely without challenge. -- FH Company
Tis better to be hunter than hunted.
Tis better to have loved and lost... yadda yadda yadda. -- Bart Simpson
Tis but a flesh wound...
Tis very warm weather when one's in bed. -- Jonathan Swift (Journal to Stella)
Titillate, n.: A tardy meal for a breast-fed baby.
To a balding man, dandruff is a thrill.
To a book collector, you see, the true freedom of all books is somewhere on his shelves. -- Walter Benjamin
To a cat, &quot;NO!&quot; means &quot;Not while I'm looking&quot;.
To achieve all that is possible, we must attempt the impossible. To be as much as we can be, we must dream of being more.
To action little, less to words inclined. -- Horace
To Adam Rifkin - My hero. All the best! -- Bob Cringely (7/96)
To add insult to injury. -- Phaedrus
To aid the evolution of superior technology we must act in true Darwinian fashion and destroy inferior crap. Hear hear! -- Robert Harley
To all virgins: Thanks for nothing.
To all you workers out there: every piece of commodity you produce is a piece of your own death. -- Slacker
To appreciate nonsense requires a serious interest in life. -- Gelett Burgess
To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front of me, I struck the pedestrian.
To badly split infinitives go where no man has before... -- Douglas Adams
To be 86'ed is to be so drunk that your cut off and asked to leave the bar. Example: I can't go anywhere with Rohit, he keeps getting 86'ed. -- Tim Byars
To be a rock and not to... er... does a Rolling Rock gather no foam? -- Adam Rifkin
To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. -- Charles DuBois
To be an interesting person is to be someone special.
To be born rich is an accident. To die rich is a miracle.
To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job than a man would have to be. Fortunately, this isn't difficult.
To be fair you should always go as far up from your age as you go down. Thus, if you want to date 18 year olds you need to include 42 year olds as well. -- John Dobbin
To be great is to be misunderstood. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
To be happy at home is the ultimate end of all ambition. -- Samuel Johnson
To be happy for a day: drink beer. To be happy for a year: get married. To be happy for a lifetime: buy a BMW touring bike. -- Tom Price
To be honest, Adam Rifkin could have directed it. Not Adam Rifkin the director, Adam Rifkin. -- Richard Goodman (On "Barb Wire")
To be honest, I can imagine few things more confusing than being new to the United States and being introduced to it by Samuel Kass. -- Martin Frankel
To be human without passion is to be dead.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
To be is to do -- Sartre
to be nobody but yourself... in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you like everybody else... means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight, and never stop fighting -- ee cummings
To be nobody-but-myself -- in a world that is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else -- means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight, and never stop fighting. -- e. e. cummings
To be or not is the result!
To be or not to be = (2B || !2B) = TRUE. Loses something in the translation, don't it?
To be out of place is not necessarily to be out of power. -- Samuel Johnson
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -- George Washington
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
To be The Man, you have to BEAT The Man. -- Ric Flair (the REAL World Champion)
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
To be understood is to be forgiven. -- Pat Carr
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. -- Ken S. Keyes, Jr.
To be wise, the only thing you need to know is when to say I don't know.
To be, AND not to be. -- Zen Shakespeare
To be, or not to be, those are the parameters.
To be, or not to be. --Hamlet Do-bee-do-bee-do. --Frank Sinatra
To become a father is not hard; to be a father is, however. -- Wilhem Busch
To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men - that is genius. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson (Self-Reliance)
To boldly go and watch Star Trek re-runs.
To boldly go where no ONE has gone before sort of takes something out of it, doesn't it? -- John Thornley
To boldly go where no one has gone before.
To borrow from the homosexual community, SILENCE = DEATH. Wear your pink triangle.
To call this stuff sophomoric would be an insult to undergraduates. -- George Will
To carry a grudge is like being stung to death by one bee. -- William H. Walton
To change one's life: start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions. -- William James
To climb the ladder of success you must get through the crowd at the bottom.
To collect fumes of sulfur, hold a deacon over a flame in a test tube.
To come with a well-informed mind, is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid. -- Jane Austen (Northanger Abbey)
To complete his camouflage, he was also joined at the last moment by four friends, all of whom were themselves [dressed in] black, though most of whom were probably grievously misled into attending -- after all, the number of people who will willingly attend a film that features giant bugs, exploding heads, and Rae Dawn Chong are few and far between. -- The Phantom
To cover my nervousness, I started eating an apple because I think if they hear you chewing on the other end of the phone, it makes you sound casual. -- Seinfeld
To create an entirely new OS from scratch, just because none of the existing ones was exactly right, struck me as an act of such colossal nerve that I felt compelled to support it. -- Neal Stephenson
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To design something really well, you have to get it. You have to really grok what it's all about. It takes a passionate commitment to really thoroughly understand something, chew it up, not just quickly swallow it. Most people don't take the time to do that. -- Steve Jobs
To do anything truly worth doing, I must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in with gusto and scramble through as well as I can. -- Og Mandino
To do is to be -- Nietzsche
To do nothing is also a good remedy. -- Hippocrates
To do nothing is the most difficult thing in the world -- the most difficult and the most intellectual. -- Oscar Wilde-
To do nothing is to be nothing.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
To dream the Impossible Dream, to fight the unbeatable foe, to bear with unbearable sorrow, to run where the brave dare not go. -- Man of la Mancha
To each his zone.
To eat is human, to digest, divine.
To educate a man in mind, and not in morals, is to educate a menace to society. -- Theodore Roosevelt
To err is human, and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.
To err is human, but to really foul things up requires the root password.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it. -- Michael Fuhr
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil, you're overdoing it a little.
To err is human, to bark canine.
To err is human, to blame someone else is politics.
To err is human, to conquer is Klingon.
To err is human, to eat jello is messy.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
To err is human, to forgive is against FidoNet policy.
To err is human, to forgive is divine, to moo is bovine, to bleat is ovine, to oink is porcine, to howl is lupine, to bark is canine, to purr is feline, and this list is assinine.
To err is human, to forgive is Not Company Policy.
To err is human, to forgive is out of the question.
To err is human, to forgive unusual.
To err is human, to forgive... $5.00
To err is human, to forgive... beyond the scope of the Operating System.
To err is human, to make the same mistake twice is daft.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, to purr feline.
To err is human, to really foul things up requires a computer.
To err is human, to really screw up things you need a computer.
To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish. -- Benjamin Franklin
To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human. To blame is on somebody else is even more human.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
To err is human. To forgive is unusual.
To err is human... to admit it is stupid.
To err is human... to get away with it is talent.
To err is human...to really foul up requires the root password. -- David Weingart
To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.
To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy. -- MIT Assasination Club
To err is human; to repent, divine; to persist, devilish. -- Benjamin Franklin
To escape criticism -- do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. -- Elbert Hubbard
To every hard problem, there's a simple solution, and it's wrong. -- Turski
To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D. -- B. Duggan
To every rule there is an exception, and vice versa.
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven: A time to be born, and a time to die. -- Eccles 3:1,2
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. But is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be. -- Anna Louise Strong
To fight for the right, without question or pause, to be willing to march into hell for a heavenly cause. -- Man of la Mancha
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
To fully understand this situation, go into alt.polyamory and ask someone why all monogamous relationships are stupid. Then ask me why all polyamorous relationships are stupid. Then compile this information and realize you're better off buying a rubber fuck doll than wasting most of your life trying to understand your loved one(s). -- Nikolaus Maack
To generalize is to be an idiot. -- William Blake
To get maximum attention, it's hard to beat a good, big mistake.
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three people, two of them absent.
To get something done, a committee should consist of three men, two of whom are absent.
To get the attention of a mule, sometimes you need to whack it between the eyes with a 2 by 4.
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
To give what we can, to take what we must, to dance the spiral, to be one with magic, to live... and die... free!
To grant Bob some feminist credit, however, it's worth noting that not all the women in this masterpiece are blood-sucking whores; some are frigid religious zealots. -- Mr. Cranky
To have a horror of the bourgeois is bourgeois. -- Jules Renard
To have died once is enough.
To have teenager children is to know that you are alive, just as having a headache is proof that you have a head.
To heck with marrying a girl who makes biscuits like her mother - I want to marry one who makes dough like her father.
To heck with the Prime Directive, let's DO something! -- what we'd like to hear on STTNG
To help you truly appreciate how we will verbally communicate with tomorrow's computers, stop thinking of Star Trek and instead imagine in your mind's ear the sociopathic musings of a digital Robert De Niro. You got a problem with that?! -- Michael Schrage
To him who is in fear, everything rustles. -- Sophocles
To humanize the facts, figures and financial data of our annual report, we decided to aim it at a real-live person, a typical investor-next-door. We chose Cindy Crawford. -- Pepsico
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. -- Thomas Edison
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine. -- Robert Heller
To judge from the evidence of his journal, becoming an international intellectual superstar has not exactly been bad for his sex life. Plus, he wracks up a lot of frequent-flier miles. Besides writing about nameless women and his travels, Baudrillard knocks off cryptic, rather world-weary remarks about, for example, "Thelma and Louise" (he seems to have enjoyed it) and human stupidity (it annoys him). -- Scott McLemee
To keep milk from turning sour, keep it in the cow.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent... that is to triumph over old age. -- Thomas Bailey Aldrich
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
To keep your friends, treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
To kill a pet rock, tie it around a kittens neck and throw it into the lake.
To know anything well involves a profound sense of ignorance. -- John Ruskin (Modern Painters)
To know is nothing at all; to imagine is everything. -- Anatole France
To know recursion, you must first know recursion -- John Holder
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To laugh at people of sense is the privilege of fools.
To laugh often and much, to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... to leave the world a bit better... to know even one life had breathed easier because you had lived... That is to have succeeded.
To light a candle is to cast a shadow.
To live is so startling, it leaves little time for anything else. -- Emily Dickinson
To live is to risk dying.
To look for a genetic explanation for phenomena like violence in society is the classical story of the drunk looking for the key under the lamp-post because that it where the light is. -- Steven Rose
To lose one parent may be regarded as a misfortune. To lose both looks like carelessness. -- Oscar Wilde (The Importance of Being Earnest)
To love another person is to see the face of God. -- Les Miserables
To love is good, love being difficult.
To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance. -- Oscar Wilde
To lower the thermostat on the bridge of the Enterprise; to coldly go where no man has gone before.
To make a donation for Tonya Harding's defense, dial 800-#*#*
To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in season, eggs.
To mankind in general, Macbeth and Lady Macbeth stand out as the supreme type of all that a host and hostess should not be. -- Max Beerbohm
To me gold is just as fucking useless as little green portraits on paper. Unless I need to make some false teeth or something. Make the standard something based on something I could use, like felatio or intercourse. Mac machines would be really handy, but would take longer, and there is always a penalty for early withdrawl. -- Mark Denovich
To me it suffices to wonder at these secrets and to attempt humbly to grasp with my mind a mere image of the lofty structure of all that there is. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
To me, a day without sex is like... everyday.
To me, absolutes are found only in finite algebra and taxes.
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other. -- Jack Handey
To me, coming from you, friend is a four letter word. -- Cake
To me, everyone is a confused liberal. -- John Dobbin
To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, Hey, can you give me a hand? you can say, Sorry, got these sacks. -- Jack Handey
To me, the acceptable level of fecal matter is... zero. -- Richard Jeni
To me, the Mona Lisa and an explosion on screen are the same. -- Mel Gibson (EW 258)
To most people nothing is more troublesome than the effort of thinking. -- James Bryce
To my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being. I should be unwilling to take the life of the lamb for the sake of the human body. I hold that, the more helpless a creature, the more entitled it is to protection by man from the cruelty of man. -- Mahatma Gandhi
To my surprise I find out I have a great imagination. -- Ivana Trump
To paraphrase Joseph Heller, "You know it's something serious when they name it after two guys." -- Ben Watt (Who suffered through an autoimmune disease called Churg-Strauss Syndrome)
To pass through a time-warp backward through time; to oldly go where no man has gone before.
To poldly bow air mobius gumby four: STAR TREK on Novocaine.
To prevent conception when having intercourse, the male wears a condominium.
To prevent head colds, use an agonizer to spray into the nose until it drips into the throat.
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
To promote cooperation, remember: People tend to resist that which is forced upon them. People tend to support that which they help to create. -- Vince Pfaff
To prove his leadership abilities, Bob Dole has resigned his position of leadership. Perhaps to prove his rhetorical skills, he can take a vow of silence.
to put it another way, i think we were both surprised that it didn't end with the phrase, "UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of this IMPORTANT Information is ENCOURAGED, ESPECIALLY to COMPUTER BULLETIN BOARDS." -- Andrew Stellman
To put it bluntly, I seem to be a whole superstructure with no foundation. But I'm working on the foundation. -- Marilyn Monroe
To quote Adam Rifkin, "It's an attempt to automate government." -- Chris Meshke
To quote every Minnesotan I've ever told how Maryland schools close for snow: "What?!? What kind of a pussy school [system] do you go to?" Last Tuesday the temp. reached -25 w/ windchill -70 or some similarly rediculous temp. Northwestern has NEVER closed due to cold or snow. Don't I feel testosterone laden for braving the walk to school now! If only I could find my last finger, I would just win. -- Ian Konen
To reform a man, you must begin with his grandmother. -- Victor Hugo
To reform means to shatter one form and to create another; but the two sides of this act are not always equally intended nor equally successful. -- George Santayana
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
To register this tagline, send $29 to ....
To rejoice over victory by violence is to rejoice over slaughter. He who rejoices over slaughter cannot unite all within the empire... The wise ruler sees a military triumph as a funeral. -- Lao-tse (Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet)
To remove air from a flask, fill it with water, tip the water out, and put the cork in quick before the air can get back in.
To remove worry wrinkles, get your faith lifted.
To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize. -- Blaise Pascal
To right the unrightable wrong, to love pure and chaste from afar, to try, when your arms are too weary, to reach the unreachable star. -- Man of la Mancha",
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
To save face: keep lower half shut.
To save your world you asked this man to die. Would this man, could he see you now, ask why? -- W.H. Auden (1907-1973, Epitaph for an Unknown Soldier)
To say no to this is to deny that what makes a man. (M-x rand-mode OFF) -- Rohit Khare
To say she's fast is an understatement she can go from 0 to 69 in 5 seconds flat. -- Tiny Tim
To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role, but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor micro and then try to run it on OS/2. I mean, get serious. -- William Zachmann (International Data Corp)
To Scott, for a thoughtful, if brief, musing on the apparently impending convergence of the web and the desktop, points++. And, for attempting to use "inherent" as a verb, a boot to the head. -- Dan Martinez
To sculpt an elephant, get a huge block of marble and chip away everything that does not look like an elephant.
To search for perfection is all very well, but to look for heaven is to live here in hell.
To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.
To shave the heads of the crew of the Enterprise; to baldly go where no man has gone before...
To shoot a mime, do you use a silencer?
To show sympathy for his wife's birthing pains, a Huichol man has his testicles attached to a string placed in his wife's hands, which she pulls as she experiences labor.
To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
To some degree all movies are pretentious; the very idea that the events in our lives have pronounced trajectories is pivotal to the story-telling process while having very little to do with reality. It's also no leap to suggest that the impetus for creating art is ego-based. Things have definitely gotten out of hand, though, when characters start pointlessly gasping out loud at the writer/director's enormous willie. -- Paul Tatara
To speak kindly does not hurt the tongue.
To spray the Enterprise in a heavy metallic element; to goldly go where no man has gone before.
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable. -- Aaron Copland
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start. -- Finagle (First Rule)
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles.
To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent. She can't wait to disprove it. -- Cary Grant
To sum it up, ... A computer scientist needs a tie like a bat needs sunglasses. A computer scientist needs a tie like a composer needs a stroke. A computer scientist needs a tie like a prostate needs cancer. A computer scientist needs a tie like an opera needs a chainsaw. A computer scientist needs a tie like baby food needs glass shards. A computer scientist needs a tie like kool aide needs cyanide. -- Robert Rodgers
To summarize the summary of the summary: people are a problem.
To suppress perception, to suppress logical, verbal, dualistic, thinking - this is the essence of Zen, the essence of ism. This is the Un-mode - not Intelligent, not Mechanical. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
To suspect a friend is better than to be deceived by him.
To swallow and follow, whether old doctrine or new propaganda, is a weakness still dominating the human mind. -- Charlotte P. Gilbert
To teach is to learn twice.
To teach is to learn -- Japanese Proverb
To the best of my recollection, Senator, I can't recall.
To the cat, the experimenter is problematic.
To the Cubs winning the World Series, and big teats. -- Takin' Care of Business
To the dog who has money, men say: "My lord dog."
To the donkey, one thistle is better than two ass-loads of jewels.
To the girl who waited on me at the Gap: My T-shirt said YALE, not y'all.
To the landlord belong the doorknobs.
To the two women who call their ex-husbands Goober and Gomer: What do you call each other? Thelma and Louise?
To the welfare state another person means another mouth; to the capitalist economy it means another mind. -- William McGurn in the 12 SEP 94 issue of National Review
To the woman who is upset because her size 6 dress doesn't cost less than her friend's size 14: You're breaking my heart, honey.
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing. -- Eva Young
To this day I don't understand why everyone assumed I should realize that vacuum bags filled up and needed to be changed. -- John Dobbin
To those feminist who prefer that the Bible be changed to gender neutral: Why is Satan always a man?
To those who would call it sci-fi, I must point out with a sigh: please study your diction, for in science fiction, the second word has no long I. Gentle reader, you may wonder why SF's not the same as sci-fi; well, there's a fine line between Robert Heinlein and "Revenge of the Two-Headed Fly."
To touch is to feel, to hurt is to steal, if you want to kiss the sky, better learn how to kneel. -- U2
To truly appreciate the dramatic arc of the story of Louis and Wired, you have to understand that he was nobody. He had no experience, no credentials, no credibility, no connections. He was 42 years old when he launched Wired, and he had never accomplished anything that an accomplished person would take seriously. Not to mention that his idea for a magazine, if you analyzed it in any businesslike way, was a very bad one. -- Michael Wolff
To turn $100 into $110 is work. To turn $100 million into $110 million is inevitable. -- Edgar Bronfman
To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion.
To understand the application may be to meet the challenge of the moment; but to understand the principle is to meet the challenge of the moment more effectively and to be empowered to meet a thousand challenges of the future as well.
To unwind, the cast and I become irritable and bicker like children.
To use violence is to already be defeated.
To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question... or is it?
To waste, to destroy our natural resources, to skin and exhaust the land, will result in undermining our children. -- Theodore Roosevelt
To women who want babies. I, handsome, WM, will inseminate the natural way. -- Guardian
To write a love letter, we must begin without knowing what we intend to say and end without knowing what we have written. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition. -- Woody Allen
TO: Hilary B. Rosen, President and CEO, Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA); FROM: David Coursey; RE: Stop whining and grow up -- David Coursey
To: is for your coworker. Cc: is for your boss. Bcc: is for your friend at the newspaper. -- Michael Fuhr
Toaster-caked him. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Today as you sit there another 394,000 children were born into this world. They break like waves of hunger and desire upon these eroded shores carrying the curses of history, but their history is all written. -- New Model Army
Today I saw this guy on campus who looked exactly like faisal, but I knew it wasn't faisal because he was too tall, had a beard, wore bright shiny colors, and was rollerblading. -- Steve Bajzek
Today I've drained more fluid through my nose than my penis. -- Rohit Khare (6/15/94)
Today is a bad day to give to charity.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking official.
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Today is a good day to die. -- Flatliners
Today is a great day to start taking better care of yourself. After all, if you don't take care of your body, where will you live?
Today is Monday, cleverly disguised as Tuesday.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is not a good day to sit under the apple tree. At least not with anyone else but me.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of this mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life --- celebrate now!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is your lucky day.
Today my brother told me he loved me, which is hard for a brother to do.
Today storm Animus rocked California, Nevada, Massachusetts, and Washington, DC. "It looked like a giant maelstrom of hate," said an eye witness, after we gave the lameass a script. Scientists are still arguing about how the storm managed to cover such a diverse geographic area in such a short time. Experts suggested Netscape, Windows 95, or news about Bill Gates as likely factors, as they've been seen to motivate storms in the past. However, Dr. Buttmunch said, "We've analyzed the pattern of the storm, and preliminary reports are there was no computer angst involved in its formation." His colleagues find this laughable. This just in: several federal buildings have been leveled! However, none of the national monuments were damaged. Reports that two small children named "Banks" were seen gleefully flying over DC have been attributed to urban myths about the fictitious character Mary Poppins. Fuck. That ended happy. I can't even rant well today.
Today the real test of power is not the capacity to make war but the capacity to prevent it. -- Anne O'Hare McCormick
Today there are a lot of novelists who seem to be writing to be reviewed, not read. -- Pete Hamill
Today, a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration. That we are all one consciousness experiencing itself, subjectively; there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. -- Bill Hicks (Dangerous)
Today, an old lady and her grandkids all gave me the finger.
Today, bud-dy, we're gonna scuss grindage. How to fill the furnace, pack the cheeks, and stuff the gills, kay? -- Encino Man
Today, it's like there's rock bottom, fifty feet of crap, then me. -- Friends
Today, President Clinton endorsed mandatory 8 PM curfews for teenagers under 17. Also today, Chelsea Clinton endorsed Bob Dole. -- Conan O'Brien
Today, the world is teetering on the brink of nuclear Agamemnon.
Today, watching television often means fighting, violence and foul language... and that's just deciding who gets to hold the remote control. -- Donna Gephart
Today, we celebrate the first glorious anniversary of the Information Purification Directives. We have created, for the first time in all history, a garden of pure idealogy, where each worker may be bloom secure from the pests of contradictory and confusing truths. Our unification of thought is more powerful a weapon than any fleet or army on earth. We are one people, with one will, one resolve, one cause. Our enemies shall talk themselves to death and we will bury them with their own confusion. We shall prevail. -- Apple 1984 Commercial
Today, we've secretly replaced all of Rob's chars with unsigned chars. Now, let's wash the code, and see if anyone notices. -- Rob Earhart
Today's CS lecture will be conducted entirely through the medium of interpretive dance. -- Bob Igo
Today's lecture on procrastination has been delayed untill tomorrow.
Today's lecture on procrastination has been postponed until tomorrow.
Today's moneyless society won't seem really complete to us until we find a panhandler who accepts credit cards.
Today's public figures can no longer write their own speeches or books, and there is some evidence that they can't read them either. -- Gore Vidal
Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?
Today's subliminal message is " "
today's weather: Sunny, with thunder, rain, hail and snow. That's another reason that I like Pittsburgh: It's like living in the End Times every day, without all of that pesky Judgement. -- Greg Plesur
Todd, reading your quotes file after being away from CMU for 2 years is like regressing into a bad childhood. -- Laura Lemay
TODD'S FIRST LAW: All things being equal, you lose.
TODD'S POLITICAL PRINCIPLE: No matter what they're talking about, they're talking about money.
Toilet Toupee, sniglet: Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus creating endless annoyance to male users.
Token Ring, n.: A virtual engagement gift.
Tolerance has never brought civil war; intolerance has covered the earth with carnage. -- Voltaire
Tolerance these days often gets the credit that belongs to tranquilizers.
Tolkein is hobbit-forming.
Tolkein's writing appeals also to those with the mental age of a child -- computer programmers, hippies and most Americans. -- Private Eye 785
Tom Arnold is the Yoko Ono of the 90's. -- Howard Stern
Tom Cruise, parents go away, prostitutes and teens, Rebecca DeMornay, glass eggs, dancing in underwear, Ray-Bans... this movie has it all. -- Baked Potatoes
Tom Lehrer was once reported to have said that he stopped doing political satire when, after Henry Kissinger was really awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, he concluded that "political satire is obsolete."
Tomatoes and oregano make it Italian; wine and tarragon make it French. Sour cream makes it Russian; lemon and cinnamon make it Greek. Soy sauce makes it Chinese; garlic makes it good. -- Alice May Brock
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week. -- Spanish proverb
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes to us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives, and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday. -- John Wayne
Tomorrow morning, crank up Hootie and the Blowfish while you brush and see if you can suppress the urge to spit in the middle of the second verse. -- Men's Health (On brushing)
Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow's a vision. Today's a bummer.
Tonight on Emergency 911... -- MST3K
Tonight they had that little bit of luck that we didn't have.
Tonight, on a very special Trapper John, MD... -- MST3K
Tonight's fortune: The strengths in your character will bring you serenity. This year's fortune (the best!), from Beltane: Do foolish things, with enthusiasm! -- Rohit Khare
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Tons of drugs are headed for Woodstock, and I wanted to be first in line to make a citizen's arrest. -- Top 5
Tonya Rodham Bobbitt, the most feared woman in America...
Too bad all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxi cabs and cutting hair. -- George Burns
Too bad men aren't like computers. Predictable, compliant, full of answers but no questions...yet able to deliver an occasional delightful surprise. -- Brenda Starr
Too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.
Too bad you couldn't do *that* for a living... You'd be very successful at it. You could sell out Madison Square Garden. Thousands of people could watch you. You could be a big star! -- Seinfeld
Too bad, people say, what's wrong with these kids today? I tell you right now they've got nothing to lose. They're building empires. -- Queensryche
Too clever is dumb. -- Ogden Nash
Too drunk to fuck is just drunk enough to bowl. -- Steve Ledebur
Too lazy to fail. -- Robert Heinlein
Too little sex makes you repeat yourself redundantly.
Too many Americans can't laugh at themselves anymore. -- Rush Limbaugh
Too many cookies will make you fat.
Too many dinosaurs, too few meteors. -- Seyma Atik
Too many errors on one line (make fewer). -- Apple MPW C compiler error message
Too many jokes... must... mock... Joey... -- Friends
Too many of us are spending money we haven't earned to buy things we don't need to impress people we don't like.
Too many of us who want eternal life do not seem to know what to do with one single rainy afternoon. -- Rev. Robert Harris
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death. -- James F. Byrnes
Too many people confine their exercise to jumping to conclusions, running up bills, stretching the truth, bending over backwards, lying down on the job, sidestepping responsibility, and pushing their luck.
Too many people spend time making Adam's life easier already. It's up to his friends to confuse him. -- John Dobbin
Too many people work themselves into a lather with soft soap.
Too many scientists, too few hunchbacks.
Too many tire tracks in the sands of time. -- Don Henley
Too many windows. What a pane. -- Adam Rifkin
Too much information. I call it datarhea. -- William Rifkin
Too much month at the end of the money.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful. -- Mae West
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL. -- Mae West
Too much of the world is run on the theory that you don't need road manners if you are a five ton truck.
Too often in politics, the man of thought cannot act, and the man of action does not think. -- Richard Nixon
Too often we... enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. -- John F. Kennedy
TOOD'S SECOND LAW: No matter what they're telling you, it's not the whole truth.
Toodleoo, go with God, and don't take any wooden nickels.
Took an hour to bury the cat. Damn thing kept moving.
Took an hour to bury the cat. Silly thing kept moving.
Toothache tends to start on Saturday night.
Top of the world, ma! -- James Cagney (White Heat)
Top ten Unix terms that sound like towns in Eastern Europe: 10. fstat 9. umask 8. xargs 7. chgrp 6. zcat 5. egrep 4. mkdir 3. chmod 2. mattrib 1. msdosfs
Topper, you're the best of what's left. -- Hot Shots Part Deux
Torgo is the Gimp's real name in Pulp Fiction.
Torpor, n.: A state of mental and motor inactivity with partial or total insensibility: extreme sluggishness or stagnation of function.
Tossing cookies. Spew. Vomit. Hurl. Blow chunks. Technicolor yawn. Drive the porcelain bus. Heave. Ralph. Honk. Upchuck. An involuntary personal protein spill. Talkin' ta Bula on the big white telephone.
Totally euphoric. Because you knew that you were going to die, that you were within seconds of everything going black. You're gonna die in 3 seconds. You're gonna die at this instant. You're dying. You're dead. And then you get to watch all the pretty explosions... you're not just playing with colored light. You're playing with the concept of death. -- J.C. Herz
Toto, I don't think we're in DOS anymore...
Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore!
Touch if you must, Pay up if you bust.
Tough shit requires a prune juice OD. Wimpy shit requires the pink stuff. -- Adam Rifkin
Toute la mer monte pour une pierre qu'on y jette. The sea rises with every stone thrown in it.
Tow truck drivers are innovative people. For 40 bucks, they'll tow your car off the roof of a building. -- John Dobbin
Towels can be harmful if swallowed in large quantities.
Toys are made in heaven, batteries are made in hell.
Trade Relations, n.: What incestuous couples do at a family reunion.
Tradition does not mean to look after the ash, but to keep the flame alive. -- Jean Jaures
Traditionally programmers have tended to favor control syntaxes that are very precise and compact and have no redundancy at all. This is a cultural legacy from when computing resources were expensive, so parsing stages had to be as cheap and simple as possible. English, with about 50% redundancy, looked like a very inappropriate model then. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Traditionally, Apple fellows came from the scientific academic or engineering world. They were made into fellows because of their intellectual prowess and visionary thinking. Then there's me. I was made a fellow to kick butt. -- Guy Kawasaki
Traffic jam, the freeway's one big parking lot. -- Weird Al Yankovic
Traffic lights that are SET for 35mph are also set for 70mph. -- Jim Samuels
Tragedy by far speaks to the human condition more than the other arts, because we recognize the fatality of life from its outset. 'Birth' is tragedy, for birth ends in death. 'Love' is tragedy, for it ends in betrayal or, at best, in faint memories of what was. -- Ron Resnick
Tragedy is the art form that revels in death as if death were a kind of transfiguring experience and not the portal to mere deadness. -- Joyce Carol Oates (Op-Ed piece, NYT 10/15/95)
Tragedy is when I stub my toe. Humor is when you fall down a manhole and die. -- Mel Brooks
Train approaching, whistles squealing. Pause, avoid that rundown feeling.
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Trampoline acrobats do it in the air, swinging from bars.
Tramps like us, baby we were born to run.
Transcendance means shoveling through pain from the bottom towards that patch of sky above.
Transistor, n.: A girl who used to be your brother.
Transistor, n.: When your sister gets dressed up like a guy.
translation: "Although the reason why we chose a near-OOP syntax structure is obscure at best and criminally punishable at worst, rest assured that while the word 'object' is used frequently, we neither recognize nor support any sane OOP functionality. To be honest, we just like the way 'object-based' sounds, and figured it would sell better than 'bloody procedural hack'. You will get used to it, or die." -- Chris Heiser
Translation: write a web crawler in Perl. Yeah, I'll get right on that.... -- Bruce Sherrod
Transported to a surreal landscape, a young girl kills the first woman she meets and then teams up with three complete stangers to kill again. -- Marin Paper TV listing for "The Wizard of Oz"
Transporter room, beam that tagline up immediately
Transporting really is the safest way to travel. -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Transvestite, n.: A guy who likes to eat, drink, and be Mary.
Trapezoid, n.: A device for catching zoids.
Trapped, like a trap in a trap. -- Dorothy Parker
Travel important today; Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
Traveler, there is no path, paths are made by walking.
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
Travolta is killed while reading a newspaper and taking a dump. Most men could only dream about a death so glorious. If that's not evidence of Tarantino's belief in the superiority of the white man, I don't know what is. -- Mr. Cranky
Tread softly, for this is holy ground. It may be, could we look with knowing eyes, this spot we stand on is Paradise. -- Christina Rossetti
Treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
Treat people as if they are what they ought to be, and you will help them become what they are capable of being.
Treat the Bride like a new car. Go easy for the first 500.
Treat the media as you would any other watchdog. Stay calm, be friendly, let them sniff your hand and never turn your back. -- Amy Sprinkles
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy. -- Publilius Syrus
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months. -- Clifford Stoll
Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
Trees cause more pollution than automobiles do. -- President Ronald Reagan
Trees hit cars only in self-defense.
Trek Classic -- Who Needs Another Generation?
Trek excuse #1: The Prime Directive clearly forbids it
Tremendous, adj.: A giant redwood tree.
Trends (in days without the four basic food groups): Snapple 28, Alcohol 4, Caffeine 1, Refined Sugar 1. -- Adam Rifkin
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Trespassers will be shot; Survivors will be shot again
Trespasurz will be persequted to the full ekstent uf one mungrel dog that wuz never soshable to stranjers and one duble barel shotgun that ain't loaded with sofa pillars. Damn if we ain't tired uv this hell raisin on our place.
Triangle man does everything a triangle can! -- They Might Be Giants
Tribble math: * + * = ***********************************
Tribble math: * + Grain = ***********
Tribbles - $5.00 for all you can pile on top of you.
Tried to play my shoehorn... all I got was footnotes!
Tried to play my shoehorn... all I got was footnotes
Tried to play my shoehorn... all I got were footnotes
Tripe on its own is revolting - with onions it's still revolting.
Trobriand Islanders attributed pregnancy to spirits, not sex. The Islanders laughed at white men who first tried to tell them about impregnation.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
TROI: I feel pain, GREAT pain ... RIKER: Glad you liked it
Trojan Ramsies Magnum Shiek. -- Bart Simpson's magic spell
Trojans: Just add meat.
Troll, troll, troll your post, gently down the datastream... -- Jason Powers
Tropics of Discourse, n.: The closest an academic can come to writing a Henry Miller novel. -- Michael Antalere
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Truants move on. Cannot stay long... Some die just to live. -- Pearl Jam
True followers of the unix way, which is the one true way, all have gigabytes of free disk space and trn merely helps them fill this void in their life. -- Chris O'Donovan
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance. -- Henry David Thoreau
True friendship is like sound health, the value of its is seldom know until it be lost. -- Charles Caleb Colton
True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and choice. -- Ben Jonson
True happiness will be found only in true love.
True happiness will only be found in true love.
True intelligence is not knowing all the answers, it's knowing the right questions.
True knowledge comes from questioning your assumptions.
True love is not nice, no no. -- Jonathan Richman
True Metal people wanna rock not pose wearin' jeans and leather, not cracker jack clothes. -- Manowar
True Multitasking = 3 PCs and a chair with wheels
True prosperity is the result of well-placed confidence in ourselves and our fellow man.
True science teaches us to doubt an to abstain from ignorance. -- Claude Bernard (1928)
True, money _can't_ buy happiness, but it isn't happiness I want. It's money. -- Bizarro
Truly you have a dizzying intellect. -- The Princess Bride
TRUMAN'S LAW: If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
Truncating my font path is the best idea I've had all day. Second best was deciding to log pings instead of punting, so that I could mutter to myself 'Sam's going to send a message to the wrong instance now' before it happened. -- Jon Ferro
Trust everybody, but cut the cards. -- Jesse Dooley
Trust everybody... then cut the cards.
Trust him, but still keep your eyes open.
Trust in Allah, but cut the cards.
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel. (Arabian proverb)
Trust in God, but backup your hard disk TODAY
Trust in God, but tie your camel. -- Arab proverb
Trust in haste, regret at leisure. -- Brazil
Trust is something that comes easy, when you've never been a victim. Lies and promises and words are said; it's your decision to accept them. -- Face to Face
Trust is the natural outgrowth of trustworthinesss. So the highest-leverage thing we can do to create trust is to be trustworthy.
Trust is the result of a risk successfully survived. -- Gibb
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. -- Joyce Brothers
Trust, but verify. -- Ronald Reagan
Truth can wait; he's used to it.
Truth has to be stranger than fiction. We impose order on fiction: it follows the rules.
Truth hurts less in the end.
Truth hurts. Not the searching after; the running from! -- John Virgil
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
Truth is just another misconception.
Truth is just truth...You can't have opinions about truth.
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction. -- Mark Twain
Truth is not determined by majority vote. -- Doug Gwyn
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; truth isn't. -- Mark Twain
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it. -- Mark Twain
Truth is, life's about greasin' your 'do back and weasin' on the buf-fets. -- Encino Man
Truth is. Belief is not required. -- Gerry Roston
Truth never hurts the teller. -- Robert Browning
Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opposers. -- William Penn (1644-1718)
Truth will be out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
Truth, like surgery, may hurt. But it cures. -- Han Suyin
Truthful, adj.: Dumb and illiterate. -- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
Try 'zctl wg_exit'. It's actually a famous zen mantra used to calm many in ancient times. -- Anu Kapoor
Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.
Try a banana in your shoe: then you'll KNOW what a day is. -- Robin Williams
Try a new system or a different approach.
Try and experience what I'm about to chirp into your lobes. -- Encino Man
Try as I might, I can't see Adam accusing someone of violating an honor code. -- John Dobbin
Try as much as possible to be wholly alive, with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell and when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough. -- William Saroyan
Try as they might, they just can't scratch themselves like professionals. -- David Letterman
Try deep-frying a Snickers bar, and thank me later. -- David Letterman
Try grad school, it's stipendous! -- Eric Chrol
Try later.
Try not to have a good time ... This is supposed to be educational. -- Charles Schultz
Try not to think! -- Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut
Try not. Do or do not. There is no try. -- Yoda
Try Nyquil! "We actually don't have a clue as to how to make things better, so we'll do things the old-fashioned way: 100-proof" -- Rob Earhart
Try praising your wife even if it does frighten her at first. -- Billy Sunday
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
Try to avoid telling a little English story that is in no way tied to the test of the algorithm that you present. -- John Thornley
Try to avoid things that involve allergies or lots of money... -- Ernest Prabhakar
Try to be neat; fall only in designated piles. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
Try to be the best of what you are, even if what you are is no good. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Try to develop your own personality.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Try to enjoy the here and now; the future will take care of itself somehow. -- Howard Jones
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to look unimportant, they may be low on ammo.
Try to look unimportant. They may be low on ammo.
Try to raise a voice that will be heard from here to Albany and watch what comes forward to shut off the sound. It is not a German sergeant, nor a Russian officer of the precinct. It is a note from a friend of your father's offering you a place in his office. This is your warning from the secret police. -- John Jay Chapman
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Try walking down the street chanting "Gun good! Penis Bad!" It's fun. -- J.J. "Blackjack" Collins
Trying to be a first-rate reporter on the average American newspaper is like trying to play Bach's "St. Matthew Passion" on a ukelele.
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
Trying to establish voice contact--please yell into keyboard.
Trying to get a read on Apple Computer is a lot like learning about quantum physics; you can never know Apple's position on a technology, and its direction, simultaneously. -- Mark Pesce (from The Great Leap Downward: Mark Pesce on the politics of VRML)
Trying to get an education here is like trying to take a drink from a fire hose
Trying to get an education here is like trying to take a drink from a fire hose.
Trying to think of a good tagline...
Tsunami down time due to tsunami alert. -- subject line from Maui mail to Berna (tsunami is the name of their SP2)
TToooo mmuucchh sseexx ccaauusseess ddoouubbllee vviissiioonn.
Tuber, or not tuber. -- Yamlet
Tuck under thumb and hold firmly.
Tuesdays don't start much worse than this. -- Calvin
Tune in. Drop out. Log on.
Tune in. Turn on. Drop out. -- Timothy Leary
Tunnell's Terse Transmogrification of Fido Fisher's Fortuitious Formulary: Be careful what you teach... you might have to learn it one day.
Turn off the headlights and "use the Force." -- Top 5
Turn problems into meadows, then, take joy in walking to the other side.
Turn right here. No! NO! The OTHER right!
Turn up the Eagles, the neighbors are listening... -- jbay
Turnaucka's Law: The attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord.
Turned around and the hitchhiker was GONE! -- Country Joe and the Fish (Hold On, It's Coming)
Turns out that baby you threw in the trash can survived, and now he's 6'4", 230 and ready to get Medieval on your ass. -- Top 5
TV has become our hearth, our home, our country and the very air we breathe. So what's at stake today is, simply, everything. -- Mark Crispin Miller
TV is amazing. I haven't had a thought in my head for 3 hours. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
TV is not the spawn of satan everybody makes it out to be. I'd say the WWW is more pernicious than TV. -- John Dobbin
Tweedledum and Tweedledee agreed to have a battle...
Twelve step programs are my new religion. -- Too Much Joy
Twenty is no age to be a prude. -- Moliere (Le Misanthrope, 1666)
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do. -- Mark Twain
Twice enlightened is unenlightened. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Twisting under schizophrenia, falling deep into dementia. -- Metallica
Two amateurish storytelling techniques utilized in the first five minutes, and it's pretty obvious we're going to spend a few hours with Mr. Clich&eacute; shoving his hands down our pants. -- Mr. Cranky
Two and two continue to make four in spite of the whine of the amateur for three, or the cry of the critic for five. -- James McNeill Whistler
Two ants crawled up Prince Charles' leg to attend the royal ball.
Two atoms are walking down the street and they run in to each other. One says to the other, "Are you all right?" "No, I lost an electron!" "Are you sure?" "Yeah, I'm positive!"
Two ballots please, I'm from Chicago.
Two barrels of tears do not heal a bruise. -- Chinese Proverb
Two bits, four bits, six bits, a dollar. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina. One went to Hollywood and became a famous actor. The other stayed behind in the cotton fields and never amounted to much. The second one, naturally, became known as the lesser of two weevils.
Two boys arrived yesterday with a pebble they said was the head of a dog until I pointed out that it was really a typewriter. -- Pablo Picasso
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long. -- Howard Kandel
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Two cheerleaders ended up at the alter. They met by chants.
Two days is like industry standard. -- Swingers
Two elephants fell off a cliff. Boom Boom.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when they lit a fire in the craft it sank... proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it, too.
Two excesses: to exclude reason, and to admit nothing but reason. -- Blaise Pascal
Two great minds ought to be able to come up with something more than a headache, right?
Two guys walk into a bar....
Two heads are better than one. -- John Heywood (1497-1580)
Two heads are more numerous than one.
Two is company, three's an orgy.
Two is not equal to three, even for very large values of two.
Two major products come from Berkeley: LSD and BSD UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence. -- Jeremy S. Anderson
Two may keep counsel, if two be away. -- John Heywood (1497-1580)
Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.
Two men looked out from prison bars, one saw mud, the other stars.
Two men looked out from prison bars; one towards the mud, the other towards the stars. -- Oscar Wilde
Two men walking up a hill, one disappears, and one's left standing still. I wish we'd all been ready. -- Larry Norman
Two minutes of pleasure, nine minutes of pain, two weeks of rest, and at it again.
Two most common elements in the universe: Hydrogen &amp; Stupidity.
Two mothers-in-law. -- Lord John Russell (on proper punishment for bigamy)
Two of the best known finishes for automobiles are lacquer and liquor.
Two out of three persons suffer from hemorrhoids, the other one enjoys it.
Two peanuts went to New York. One was assaulted.
Two people talking is a conversation. Three is a conspiracy. -- Brian Bankler
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -- Robert Frost
Two roads diverged in a wood, and / I took the one less travelled by / And that is why I'm lost, dammit...
Two seals fell off a cliff. Arf Arf.
Two seals walked into a club.
Two things are bad for the heart: running up stairs and running down people. -- Bernard M. Baruch
Two things are of paramount importance in Scientology. They are WIN and LOSE. -- L. Ron Hubbard (Scientology: A New Slant on Life)
TWO THINGS ARE UNIVERSAL. HYDROGEN AND STUPIDITY.
Two things indicate weakness: To be silent when it's time to speak, and to speak when it's time to be silent. -- Persian proverb
Two things teach man about his whole nature: instinct and experience. -- Blaise Pascal
Two things you should never trust: Politicians and angle trisectors.
Two words: therapy. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
Two wrongs are only the beginning. -- Kohn
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -- Thomas Szasz
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Two wrongs don't make a right. It usually takes three or more.
Two's company and three's a divorce.
Two's company, three's crossfire. -- Emma Speares
Two's company, three's the result.
Two's complement, n: Praise from two people.
Tycho Brahe had his supernova, and Kepler had his. Then there weren't any for 400 years. Now I have mine. -- Richard Feynman (1987)
Type designers are greedy weenies. -- Chank Diesel
Typed on my Ultra Megger Wallet Whammer.
Typically loud music, more so than the original, made it sound as if the audience was singing along. (In fact, a good deal of the audience was singing along.)
Typing !xxx%s%s%s%s%s%s%s%s to any C-shell will cause it to crash immediately. Do you know why? -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Typographical rules for manipulating numerals are actually arithmetical rules for operating on numbers. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Typos in FINNEGANS WAKE? How could you tell? -- Kim Stanley Robinson
Tyre Shop sign: We Skid You Not.
Tyrone, you know how much I love watching you work, but I've got my country's 500th anniversary to plan, my wedding to arrange, my wife to murder, and Gilder to frame for it. I'm swamped! -- The Princess Bride
U.S. NAVY... OUR PRIDE RUNS DEEP!
Ubi non accusator, ibi non judex. Where there is no police, there is no speed limit.
UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
UFO's are real. The Air Force doesn't exist.
UFOs are REAL. The Air Force doesn't exist.
Ugliness is just natural selection in action.
Uh oh, overflow, population, common group, but it'll do. Save yourself, serve yourself. World serves its own needs, listen to your heart bleed. Tell me with the rapture and the reverent in the right. Right. You vitriolic, patriotic, slam, fight, bright light, feeling pretty psyched. -- REM
Uh, do you like come here often, huh huh. I said come. -- Butt-head
Uh, get out of my car and into my dreams, baby. -- Butt-head
Uh, here you are, sir. Forty-four non-dairy creamers and a straw. -- Butt-head
Uh, hey baby. Wanna wrestle? -- Butt-head
Uh, I dunno, Beavis, but I think this sucks. Is this the stupidest penis contest yet? -- Bruce Sherrod
Uh, like let's drop all the uh B.S. and like, you know, do it. -- Butt-head
Uh, now that you mention it, how are X packets getting into and out of your home system through the firewall? (Hint: the correct answer is, "They're being port-forwarded via SSH." If this is not *your* answer, please administer yourself one dope slap, so as to spare me the time and expense of cross-country travel. Then rearrange things so that it *is* your answer. [...]) -- Dan Martinez
Uh, since my current interest in it is maintaining my lisp-guru mystique, I'd rather continue just running the latest version out of my bin. Besides, I'm none too convinced of its stability. (I'm none too convinced of *my* stability...) -- Jon Ferro
Uh, some joke involving "cd /DNE/DC/dan ; tar cf - . | (cd /DNE/NYC/dan; tar xvpf -)" is failing to generate any less geekish punchline in my head. Kill me. -- Jon Ferro
Uh, two world burgers, and Beavis, you better not be getting snot on the grill again or I'll kick your ass. -- Butt-head
Uh-oh. She sent him on the dreaded trip to oblivion. -- Seinfeld
Uh... you're a moron. You said "she" and "cool" in the same sentence, and there was no "is in now way" stuck in between the two. -- Chris Heiser
Ultimate oxymoron: Cash Surplus
Ultimate Question Research Team.
Ultimately it's other peoples' reactions to ourselves that make us who we are. -- X-files
Ultimately, communism cannot be, by definition, imposed by the state. Evidently, only Gene Roddenberry can pull it off. Er, God Rest His Ass. -- Mike Wallace
Ultimately, what makes you happy? What makes your heart sing and dance? What fills your soul with breath? -- Christine Renner
Ultradian, adj.: 1. Relating to or exhibiting periodic physiological activity that occurs more than once every 24 hours.
ULTRIX uses the Berkeley Fast File System and the Very Slow Disk I/O. -- Philip de Louraille
Ulysses does it... in about 20 years.
um, excuse me Pretzel Boy, but what the fuck does that mean???? -- Tracy Lee
Um, it's time for the corrective *headgear*, dear. -- Ridgely Schantz
Um, so, heyguesswhat? Fuckoff and stuff... -- Mike Wallace
Um, we could all go for a walk into the spirit world (or actually just that place gumby goes would be fine) and we could bring back a jabberwocky and we could break into MAE-East and we could leave the jabberwocky there. -- Cliff Judge
um. welcome to this week's edition of "good idea, bad idea". -- May Jawdat
Um... words... -- Butt-head
Um...., this is comp.sys.plamtops.pilot. The "palmtop" part means we are all onanists here. -- sbkatz@ix.netcom.com
Um...this week's word (according to Vince) was "moderation." We'll try not to do that again. Anyway, thanks again for hosting. Now, where is that Owen? -- Jeff Magnuson
Umm... it's not in my quote file, so i don't remember it. -- Chris Holly
Ummm, he's sick. My brother's girlfriend's sister's best friend who's dating the guy who heard from his father's business partner who heard from this kid who saw Ferris pass out at 31 Flavors last night. -- Ferris Bueller
Ummm, Trouble with grammar have I! Yes! -- Yoda
Unable to load REALITY.SYS; Invalid parameter: /UTOPIA
Unable to locate TEAEARLGREY.HOT -- Enterprise halted
Unburdened by the rigors of coherent thought.
Uncertainty and mystery are energies of life. Don't let them scare you unduly, for they keep boredom at bay and spark creativity. -- R.I. Fitzhenry
Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb: Never use your thumb for a rule. You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked. -- Robert Sprecht (Rand Corp)
Under capitalism - man exploits man. Under communism it's just the opposite. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, the opposite is true.
Under deadline pressure for the next week. If you want something, it can wait. Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic.
Under deadline pressure for the next week. If you want something, it can wait. Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...
Under democracy one party always devotes its chief energies to trying to prove that the other party is unfit to rule... and both commonly succeed, and are right. -- H.L. Mencken ("Minority Report", 1956)
Under every stone lurks a politician. -- Aristophanes
Under guidelines proposed by TV producers, TV shows with sex would be labeled S and shows with violence would be labeled V. Shows with neither would still be labeled Canceled.
Under Personality, can I add a new box for General Appearance that reads "Schwing!" -- Megan Coughlin
Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure, temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases. -- Harvard's Law
Under the most vigorously controlled conditions of temperature, pressure, density, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases. -- Harvard Law
Underground is the only english word that begins and ends with und.
Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics: Superiority is recessive.
Understand that Tim is always right. The sooner you fully grok this the easier your life will become. -- Tim Byars
Understanding is a three-edged sword.
Understatement is always best.
Underwear should be worn on the inside. -- Bart Simpson (Writing 500 times on the board)
UNDERWOOD'S FIRST LAW OF EVOLVING SYSTEM DYNAMICS: Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can.
Undetectable errors are infinite; detectable errors by definition are finite.
Uneasy lies the head that has dandruff.
Unemployed people are getting bigger.
Unemployment helps stretch your coffee break.
Unfortunately, because PinealWeb is written in trinary (for performance reasons), it can only be transmitted using ExtraSensory Transport Protocol. If your browser supports this, you're in luck, and we'll download PinealWeb directly to your brain. If not, please be patient, a NetBSD port is coming soon. -- Eric Tilton
Unfortunately, every contest there must have a loser. Looo. Ser. -- Ace Ventura
Unfortunately, it seems that the way Usenet is set up, women are the zebras, and men are the lions, and the Internet is one big Serenghetti. -- Chris Zelek
Unfortunately, most bitter people don't have an editor. -- Suck
Unfortunately, most of the programmers I've been around are immature and not well managed, so you end up with these massive schedule and quality problems. I claim it's immaturity, because if we are still stuck in low gear trying to impress our friends with our tricky code, that's high school behavior. That's mostly what I saw. "Ooh, I can save 12 bytes if I write this in a stupid way. Aren't I clever?" Too bad no one can read it. Or, "Ooh, I can make this faster if I write it obscurely. I'm so cool." Never mind that it never gets used. That sort of lack of professionalism is what put me over the edge. -- Bob Johnson
Unfortunately, perceptions of the Linux community are shaped by Web sites such as www.slashdot.org, where self-styled experts who have the collective IQ of an AOL CD post inflammatory propaganda. -- Pankaj Chowdhry
Unfortunately, the people of Louisiana are not racists. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
Unhappy is the man who has no nails with which to scratch his head.
Union Factions Want New Heads. -- AP headline
United Airlines has announced plans to increase the size portions in its in-flights meals. Apparently the food they serve now is not quite cold enough in the middle.
United flies more widebody non-stops to San Francisco from New York than any other airline.
Unity is not an unattainable dream if we only would dream to attain it. -- Billy Gates
Universal Price Code I.D.'s with the stripe the laser reads and records where you've been, when you're sick and what you eat... Bought a dossier on your whole life. -- Jello Biafra
Universe exists to mock me. I was at that moment racing to turn in that damn paper at noon, and I handed over an... empty folder!!! The damn paper slid put onto the passenger seat. -- Rohit Khare
Universe, n.: The problem.
Universities are run by people who know very little about education - they're called Deans. -- Professor Beildelman
Universities should be safe havens where ruthless examination of realities will not be distorted by the aim to please or inhibited by the risk of displeasure. -- Kingman Brewster (Yale)
University toilet paper. Great streamers.
Unix - from the people who brought you the snoopy phone.
Unix - plural of Eunuch.
Unix and the world Unix with you; VAX and you VAX alone.
Unix and the world Unixes with you. NT and you NT alone.
UNIX developers design hard to use systems because they've only experienced hard to use sytems -- it's like child abuse. -- Ed Watkeys
Unix does not stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
Unix doesn't have a philosophy, it has an attitude. -- from The Unix-Hater's Handbook
Unix doesn't have a philosophy. It has an ATTITUDE. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unix don't do it at all. (read out loud)
Unix encourages, by egregious example, the most irresponsible programming style imaginable. No error checking. No error messages. No conscience. If a student here turned in code like that, I'd flunk his ass. -- David S. Touretzky
Unix gives you enough rope to shoot yourself in the foot. -- H. Peter Anvin
Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple of more feet, just to be sure. -- Eric Allman
Unix has been feverishly evolving for over 20 years, sort of like bacteria in a cesspool, only less attractive. -- from Unix For Dummies
Unix is a computer virus with a user interface. -- Unix Haters Handbook
UNIX is a lot like life: the way you start a child is to fork.
Unix is a lot more complicated of course -- the typical Unix hacker never can remember what the PRINT command is called this week -- but when it gets right down to it, Unix is a glorified video game. -- Ed Post (Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal)
UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
Unix is an exponential algorithm with a seductively small constant. -- Scott Draves
Unix is computer-scientology, not computer science. -- Dave Mankins
Unix is hacker crack. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unix is like a toll road on which you have to stop every 50 feet to pay another nickel. But hey! You only feel 5 cents poorer each time. -- Larry Wall
Unix is not an 'a-ha' experience, it is more of a 'holy-shit' experience. -- Colin McFadyen
Unix is the answer, but only if you phrase the question very carefully.
Unix is the Midas of shit. -- Robert Rodgers
UNIX is the New Jersey of operating systems. In the beginning it was nice. Then people moved in. They built it up. Then industry moved in. They dumped their toxic waste in it. Then the mob moved in.
UNIX people actually believe this shit? -- Jessica Marrell
Unix Philosophy: 10% of the work solves 90% of the problems. More accurately, a shoddy job is perfectly acceptable. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unix Philosophy: It's a free-floating ethic. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unix Philosophy: Small is beautiful. More accurately, a small program is more desirable than a program that is functional or correct. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unix Philosophy: When faced with a choice, do whatever is simpler. More accurately, cop out. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unix programs tend to die from curable diseases, accidents, and negligence, just as people do. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
UNIX should be used as an adjective. -- AT&amp;T
Unix soit qui mal y pense.
Unix teaches us about the transitory nature of all things, thus ridding us of samsaric attachments and hastening enlightenment. -- Michael Travers
Unix users do it with pipes.
UNIX was never designed to keep people from doing stupid things, because that policy would also keep them from doing clever things. -- Doug Gwyn
UNIX? Hall of Shame? there's a difference? -- Libor
Unix? I can't even do ONE thing at once.
UNIX' software sets a new standard in bad, generally. That's because it was accreted, not designed and, as usual, security was the last thing in the designer's minds. Usually it was an afterthought. Often the designers of Important Internet Applications were bashing stuff together as a research toy and -- ooops -- it got popular so now it's a product how can we secure it? -- Markus Ranum
Unix's power tools are more like power switchblades that slice off the operator's fingers quickly and efficiently. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Unless absolutely essential, borrowing to buy a depreciating asset is dumb. -- Caroline Donnelly
Unless I'm going out I sit here naked. -- Tim Byars
Unless it's a Microsoft Power User Demon Program From Hell, most mac programs are easy to pick up without looking at manuals. -- Laura Lemay
Unless of coarse were talking about my barbies. They used to capture my brother's GI Joe, tie him up & then take his stuff. -- Karen Laake
Unless of course you mean one of those surreal dreams where the characters suddenly sprout wings and fly through a bagel in the sky. -- Michelle Morrell
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. -- Dr. Seuss (from The Lorax)
Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will reject the proposal. -- Rocky (Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention)
Unless we remember we cannot understand. -- Edward M. Forster
Unless you die, you will continue to get older. -- Dave Barry
Unless you love everybody, you can't sell anybody. -- Jerry Maguire
Unless you tell them what to think, they don't know what they know. -- Johnette Napolitano (Jonestown)
Unless you're a deer, then it's stagnation. -- John Dobbin
Unlike blood, favors should circulate in both directions. Wow, did I just invent a metaphor? -- Berna Massingill
Unlike clothes and shoes, a toothbrush should never be a hand-me-down item.
Unlike grownups, children have little need to deceive themselves. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Unlike INI files, the Windows Registry cannot be inadvertently changed with a text editor. You must use the Registry Editor to make inadvertent changes. -- Mr. Bunny's Guide to ActiveX
Unlike most movies, Koyaanisqatsi has no plot, dialogue, or cast. The only words that the audience ever hears are in Hopi (translations are displayed at the end of the movie), which only adds to the feeling of mystery. -- Reuven M. Lerner
Unlike sex, a bad one is NOT better than none at all.
Unlike the phone system, the Internet has no Ma Bell or FCC to mandate new policies for the entire system. Not even Microsoft can make us all upgrade our routers. I think. -- Paul Boutin
Unlike the typically poker-faced East Coast VCs who during conversation seem perpetually lost in mental calculations as to how to rip 50 percent of the equity out of your idea, the Idealab folks mask their equity-gouging agenda with pleasant smiles and nonchalance. -- R. Scott Raynovich
Unlike yourself, I am not a prisoner. I *choose* to work here of my own free will! -- Dilbert
Unlimited campaign spending eats at the heart of the democratic process. -- Barry Goldwater
Unnamed Law: If it happens, it must be possible.
Unprecedented performance, n.: Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Unprofessional? Us? Sir. Might I with due respect remind you that Mister Vandemar and myself burned down the City of Troy? We brought the Black Plague to Flanders. We have assasinated a dozen kings, five popes, half a hundred heroes and two accredited gods. Our last commission before this was the torturing to death of an entire monastery in sixteenth century Tuscany. We are *utterly* professional. -- Mr. Croup (Neverwhere)
Unqualified superlatives are the worst of all.
Unquestionably, there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages. -- H. L. Mencken
Unrequited love has made me what I am. -- Evan Van Wyck Keely
Unrestrained growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.
Unsubtle cookies: "You can call me Sugar. This is my pal Milkfat. We're pretty big in town here, and we thought we'd come over and help you get settled in. And epoxy your arteries shut, and kick you in the blood sugar so hard it comes out your ears. Get the picture?" -- Andrew Plotkin
Until a man is twenty-five, he still thinks, every so often, that under the right circumstances he could be the baddest motherfucker in the world. If I moved to a martial-arts monastery in China and studied real hard for ten years. If my family was wiped out by Columbian drug dealers and I swore myself to revenge. If I got a fatal disease, had one year to live, devoted it to wiping out street crime. If I just dropped out and devoted myself to being bad. -- Neal Stephenson
Until people grow up, they have no idea what's cool.
Until the day animals stand up and demand equal rights, I have the right to eat them. -- Jeff Mink
Until the lions have their historians, tales of the hunted will always glorify the hunter. -- African proverb
Until they turn pro, it's like popcorn in the pan. Some pop, and some don't. -- Jerry Maguire
Until you stalk and overrun, you can't devour anyone. -- Hobbes
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell.
Unusual cheeses.
Up against tha wall, Patricia! You're under arrest for public lameness! -- Robert Harley
Up the voltage. -- Real Genius
Up with miniskirts!!!
Up with miniskirts. Down with hot pants.
Up your accumulator.
Updates here will be spotty to nonexistent over the next couple of days as I'll be in New York. Yes, they do have IP tone there, but they also have large quantities of light fantastic that requires tripping. -- Keith Dawson
Upon closer inspection, that label reads, Victoria's Secretions. -- Top 5
Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened. Primarily because nobody understood Chinese. -- Camden Benares (Zen Without Zen Masters)
Upon my word it makes my blood boil to hear anyone compare Aristotle with Plato. -- James Joyce (Ulysses, p. 238)
Upset when his thesis doesn't win a prize, physics Ph.D. Gang Lu goes on a rampage, shooting three University of Iowa physics professors, the prize winning Ph.D., and an administrator before killing himself, Iowa City, 1991. -- The Murder Can Be Fun 1996 Datebook
Urg. That 'Emperor Greg' thing seems kind of lame in retrospect. Based on that, I think I'm going to move the whole 'control the world' project to a back-burner while I work on personal growth. -- Greg Plesur
Uri's Rule of Pedagogy: Never start a complicated proof in the last 5 minutes of class. -- Joel Franklin
Urinate into the Times Square electronic stock ticker. -- Top 5
Urination, n.: What Israel was told in 1948.
Urine for some great soccer! -- Kansas City Wiz
US law: you may be charged with felony for committing suicide.
US out of North America, NOW -- Richard O'Rourke
US-CA-LA OO GUI Tool Demo for Consultants and Programmers. -- Rohit Khare
USA Today was able to condense the whole thing down to 25 words and a pie chart. -- Jay Leno (on the Washington Post's publication of the Unabomber's 35,000-word manifesto)
USA Today: The Newspaper for People who don't have time for TV. -- kanga@barh109.its.rpi.edu
Use a condom. No deposit, no return.
Use California semiconductors in your next product. They're fresh and delicious!
Use debugging compilers.
Use expletives like "Great Caesar's Ghost" and "Joseph and Mary in Tinsel Town."
Use free-form input where possible
Use GOTOs only to implement a fundamental structure.
Use IF...ELSE IF...ELSE IF...ELSE... to implement multi-way branches.
Use library functions.
Use one of these three phrases as you sip it. Lots of stuffing in the mouth. An extremely well-balanced wine. Devilishly decadent. Say nothing else; nobody (including you) will know what the hell you're talking about, so everyone will think you're a genius. -- Men's Health (On wine)
Use passwords like a toothbrush. Change them often and don't share them with friends. -- Clifford Stoll
Use the cyanide tooth only in the worst-case scenario. -- Baked Potatoes
Use the root password for an important host, and listen carefully for someone shouting "YES!!!" -- John Woods on how to check for packet sniffers
Use the talents you possess, for the woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except the best. -- Henry Van Dyke
Use the word 'cybernetics,' Norbert, because nobody knows what it means. This will always put you at an advantage in arguments. -- Claude Shannon (The Father of Information Theory, in a letter to Norbert Weiner of M.I.T., in the 40's. Wiener's book "Cybernetics" was published in 1961.)
Use these bonus words in the conversation: ROBUST, FREE-SPIRITED, COST-EFFICIENT, UKRAINIAN, and PUCE.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds were there except those that sang best. -- Henry Van Dyke
Use your turn signals. If I were psychic, I'd have known not to be on the road with you in the first place.
Used car salesman to customer: Not only does it have low mileage, but most of that was while it was being towed. -- Bob Thaves
Used Iraqi rifles for sale: Dropped once, never fired...
Used the old formula: Marion Barry and hookers = re-election. -- David Letterman
Used to be I ran to get where I was going. I never though it would take me anywhere. -- Forrest Gump
UsedCars: Why go elsewhere to be cheated? Come here first!
Useful Military Jargon: FUBAR - Fudged Up Beyond All Recognition
Useful Military Jargon: JANFU - Jointed Army-Navy Fudge Up
Useful Military Jargon: MFU - Military Fudge Up
Useful Military Jargon: SAMFU - Self-Adjusting Military Fudge Up
Useful Military Jargon: SAPFU - Surpassing All Previous Fudge Ups
Useful Military Jargon: SNAFU - Situation Normal : All Fudged Up
Useful Military Jargon: SUSFU - Situation Unchanged, Still Fudged Up
Useful Military Jargon: TARFU - Things Are Really Fudged Up
Useful Military Jargon: TASFUIRA - Things are so Fudged up it's really amazing!
Useful Military Jargon: TOFU - Things Ordinary : Fudged Up
Useful Military Jargon: TUIFU - The Ultimate In Fudge Ups
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN. Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: AUTO ARREREGH DAVATEMAN MANO SEPAHEH HAST. It is exceptionally kind of you to allow me to travel in the trunk of your car.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: BALLI, BALLI, BALLI! Whatever you say!
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: FASHAL-EH TUPEHMAN NA DEGAT MANO GOFTAM CHEESHAYEH MOHEMARA JEBEHKESHVAREHMAN. If you will do me the kindness of not harming my genital appendages, I will glady reciprocate by betraying my country in public.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: FEKR GABUL CRADAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR. I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: KHREL JEPAHEH MANEH VA JAYEH AMERIKAHEY. I will tell you the names and addresses of many American spies traveling as reporters.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: MATERNIER GHERMEZ AHLEIEH, GHORBAN. The red blindfold will be lovely, excellency.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH OEH GOFTEH BANDE. I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.
Useful Phrase To Know When Traveling In Terrorist Areas: TIEKH NUNEH OB KHRELEH BEZORG VA KHRUBE BOYAST INO BEGERAM. The water-soaked bread crumbs are delicious, thank you. I must have the recipe.
Useless as windshield wipers on a duck's ass.
Usenet acronym: AFAIK = as far as I know.
Usenet acronym: IMNSHO = in my not-so-humble opinion.
Usenet acronym: OTOH = on the other hand.
Usenet acronym: ROFL = rolling on floor laughing.
Usenet is a cesspool, a dung heap. -- Patrick A. Townson
Usenet is a right, a left, a jab, and a sharp hit to the jaw. The postman hits! You have new mail. -- Chip Salzenberg
Usenet is a way of being annoyed by people you otherwise never would have met.
USENET is a wonderful mechanism for making a fool of yourself in front of a very large audience. -- Lars Poulsen
Usenet is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea -- massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least expect it. -- Gene Spafford
Usenet is like Tetris for people who still remember how to read.
Usenet may not be an infinite number of monkeys sitting at keyboards trying to create Shakespeare, but it's the closest thing we've got. -- Jay Laefer
Usenet truly came to resemble a million monkeys typing endlessly all over the globe. In early 1994, there were an estimated 140,000 sites with 4.6 million users generating 43,000 messages a day. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines. Meet exciting, unusual people. And flame them. -- Dan Sorenson
User - a technical term used by computer pros. See idiot.
user interfaces usually have one or more of the followin properties: 1) they suck to use 2) they suck to use 3) they suck to use -- Jon Slenk
User, n.: A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
User, n.: The word computer professionals use when they mean "idiot." -- Dave Barry (Claw Your Way to the Top)
User-friendly, adj.: Trivialized, slow, incapable, and boring. See: Icon, Mouse.
Users, losers -- what's the difference?
Users: Keep them dry and don't feed them after midnight.
Uses the "Dewar's Decimal System", which involves regular belts of scotch. -- Top 5
Usher is a word that contains four personal pronouns.
Using a machine to have sex? Most people can't even program their VCRs. -- Jay Leno
Using federal dollars as a measure, our cities have not been neglected, but poisoned with welfare dependency funds. -- Rush Limbaugh
Using Lynx to access http://www.playboy.com/ finally gives some truth to the saying, I only read playboy for the articles.
Using PKZIP Version 2.04zzzzzzzzzzz
Using these toolkits is like trying to make a bookshelf out of mashed potatoes. -- Jamie Zawinski
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale across the beach.
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach. -- S. C. Johnson
USSR's new name: Intersection of Soviet Socialist Republics, spelled USSR with an inverted U.
USSR's new name: UFFR. Union of Fewer and Fewer Republics.
Usually you don't know where the edge is until after you have gone over it.
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things. -- Russell Baker
Usurpers always choose troubled times to enact, in the atmosphere of general panic, laws which the public would never adopt when passions were cool. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, opulence is when you have three... and paradise is when you have none. -- Doug Larson
Utility, n.: e.g., gas, water, etc.
Vacation in beautiful California! (Presented by the California Tourism Board)
VAIL'S AXIOM: In any human enterprise, work seeks the lowest hierarchal level.
Vail's Second Axiom: The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the amount of work already completed.
Valentine's Day is when a lot of married men are reminded what a poor shot Cupid really is.
Valuable advertising time going by... Valuable advertising time going by... Dollars... dollars... dollars. -- Billy Joel
Valuable insights and your persuasive ability achieve results.
value-added (I KNOW it's dog shit sir, but I buried a dime in it.) -- Bert Quattro
Values have meaning only against the context of a set of relationships.
Vamoose ya little varmint -- Data (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
vampire guy is clueless, in fact, the vampire guy is stupid as FUCK, so why is vampire guy asking about X.25? -- Vijay Gill
Vampire: The Masquerade. That's gothic for 'bail, now' -- Faisal Jawdat
Van der Leun's Corollary to Godwin's Law: As global connectivity improves, the probability of actual Nazis being on the Net approaches one.
Van Roy's Truism: Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.
Vanilla, vanilla, and vanilla make good ice cream clones.
Vanna White said since her son has been born she wants to work less. Vanna... you turn tiles for a living... if you worked any less you would be the triangle player in the K.C. and the Sunshine Band. -- Dennis Miller
Variables won't. Constants aren't. -- Osborn
Vauw is danish for the sound Wauw. -- Ulla Binau
Vax as a computer trademark and vax as a vacuum cleaner trademark both exist. Who will they grant vax.com to? Nothing sucks like a vax. -- Gordon Irlam
VAXEN [from 'oxen,' perhaps influenced by 'vixen.'] n. pl. The plural of VAX.
VC have the attention of a ferret on crack. -- Steve Foster (Crosspoint Venture Partners)
VC's are among the most incestuous creatures on the planet. If your presentation clicks in the hearts and minds of the folks at Novak-Biddle, Draper or Sutter Hill, to think that FBR, NEA or ATV won't be studying your Plan within 48 hours, is like believing that the woman you were out with Saturday night won't be on the phone to her girlfriend Sunday giggling over the steamy details. -- Bob McKisson
VCR's are a way to defeat time.....
VCR's do not eject PB&J sandwiches, even though TV commercials show they do.
VD is nothing to clap about.
VDU - a STD similar to visual AIDS.
vector.h: Yikes - evil macro hell! -- Rob Earhart
Vegas, baby! -- Swingers
Vegetative propagation is the process by which one individual manufactures another individual by accident.
Velcro arms, teflon heart.
Velilind's Laws of Experimentation: 1. If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once. 2. If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
Veni, Vedi, Visa. I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
Veni, vidi, VCR. I came, I saw, I taped.
Veni, vidi, vice. I came, I saw, I partied.
Veni, vidi, visa. I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
Veni, VIPi, Vici. I came, I'm a very important person, I conquered.
Venimus, Vidimus, Dolavimun. We came, We saw, We hacked.
Venture capitalist. No doubt about it. Not only does it sound great at parties, but you're expected to fail 90 percent of the time--and that's OK. Some of my best friends are venture capitalists, but let's face it, a hamster with Alzheimer's could make those kind of numbers. It's great work if you can get it. -- Scott Adams
Venus Envy. -- Rita Mae Brown
Verbing weirds language. -- Calvin
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things. -- Senator Dan Quayle
Verbs has to agree with their subjects.
Verbs have to agree with their subjects.
Verisimilitude, n.: The appearance of truth, having the quality or state of being truthful or probable.
Veritech pilots do it three ways.
Vermont is playing like a team that can do differential equations but can't add, can write Pulitzer-prize winning novels but can't spell, and can cook pate de fois gras but can't boil water. -- Dave Hendrickson (on uscollegehockey.com)
Vertical - a green itch.
Vertically-fornicated mind.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.
Very funny. I make computers do what I want for a living. If I was stupid enough not to hit the on switch when I wanted to turn something on, I should just please to be shooting myself. Instead, I will bide my time, and shoot Ted. -- Fleur Dragan
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Veterinarians drive like animals.
vi is short for EviL.
Vice versa - poems about brothels?
Vicious Circle, n.: A wedding ring.
Victimhood has become one of the fruits of power. Anyone can be an underdog; the trick is to be a registered, pedigreed underdog. -- Joseph Belloc Sobran
Victoria's Secret? More like K-Mart's Special. -- Top 5
Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be; for without victory there is no survival. -- Winston Churchill
Victory is won not in miles but in inches. Win a little now, hold your ground, and later win a little more. -- Louis L'Amour
Vidi, vici, veni. I saw, I conquered, I came. -- Don Juan
Vietnamese cook book: 101 Ways to Wok Your Dog.
Vigor is an adaptation of the freely redistributable "nvi" text editor written by Keith Bostic, which in itself is a descendant of the legendary (and still widely used) "vi" text editor written by uber-programmer Bill Joy one afternoon when he was momentarily distracted from his usual hobby of completely rewriting operating systems overnight. -- Andrew Leonard
Villains are picked off in order of ascending nastiness... sadistic brutes, followed by smarmy flacks, followed by twisted visionaries in expensive suits. Among the heroes, we don't have to worry about the principled male scientist, the dynamic female animal behaviorist, or the stowaway children. But even among the good guys, a marginal physiognomy or a receding hairline can spell doom. Keep your eye on that sad-faced electronics specialist. He's bald, and he's gonna pay. -- Stephen Harrigan
Vince (NOW with 33% more self-importance. still caffeine-free.) -- Vince Farquharson
Vini, Vici, Hacki --- I came, I saw, I hacked
Vini, vidi, hacki. I came, I saw, I hacked.
Vini, vidi, vici.
Violators will be toad.
Violence in this country is destroying the lives of our children and endangering our very future. The next Martin Luther King... or Colin Powell... might not live to adulthood. -- Arsenio Hall
Violence is the last recourse of the incompetent.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. -- Isaac Asimov (Salvador Hardin, The Foundation trilogy)
Vique's Law: A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
Viral marketing is not going to save mediocre businesses from extinction. It is the scourge of the stupid and the slow, because it only rewards companies that offer great service and have the strength to allow and even encourage their customers to publicly pass judgment on that service every single day. -- Clay Shirky (Business 2.0)
Virgin, n.: A girl who hasn't met her maker.
Virginians are fed up with a White House run by twentysomething kids with earrings and an axe to grind. -- Ollie North
Virginity can be cured.
VIRTUAL adj. 1. Common alternative to LOGICAL (q.v.), but never used with compass directions. 2. Performing the functions of. Virtual memory acts like real memory, but isn't.
Virtual Disk - very nearly a storage device.
Virtual Hair - the wave of the future! I can see it now. Hair club for men becomes obsolete... -- Sylvia A Rudy
Virtual means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
Virtual memory... it's like virtual happiness, virtual wealth, all of those nice things you may or may not have been sold on... -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Virtual reality is virtual reality because they haven't figured out how to make it suck as much as real life. -- Mark Denovich
Virtual reality makes crack look like Sanka. -- Dennis Miller
Virtually all of them depended on Microsoft in some way for their business, and they weren't about to endanger themselves by being the first ones to cry foul. -- Jerry Kaplan
Virtue has never been as respectable as money. -- Mark Twain
Virtue is its own punishment. -- Aneurin Bevan
Virtue is its own revenge. -- E.Y. Harburn
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors. -- Confucius
Virtue is not photogenic. -- Kirk Douglas
Virus scanner: DOS found. Remove? (Y)
Virus scanner: Windows found. Remove? (Y)
VISA la France. Don't leave chateau without it.
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. -- Jonathan Swift
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world. -- Joel Barker
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.
Visit the condom god before you visit the love goddess. -- Nira
Visit your money this year. Vacation in Washington, D.C.
Visit your mother today. Maybe she hasn't had any problems lately.
Visual dismemberment? I wasn't spying; I was leering. It's a periscope in a bar -- lighten up. -- The Opposite Sex
Visualize whirled peas.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Vitamin C deficiency is appalling
VLSI: "Getting High On Low Voltage"
VM'ers do it virtually all the time.
VMS is a text-only adventure game. If you win you can use unix. -- W. Davidson
VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
Volcano - a mountain with hiccups.
Volleyball players bump their balls.
Volume of an Encyclopedia: GIRL to GRAB.
Volume of an Encyclopedia: HOW to HUG.
Volume of an Encyclopedia: LEARN to LOVE.
Volvo - they're boxy, but they're good. -- Crazy People
Vote anarchist.
Vote Democrat, it's easier than working. Vote Republican, it's easier than thinking.
Vote early and vote often.
Vote early, and vote often.
Vote for ME -- I'm well-tapered, half-cocked, ill-conceived and TAX-DEFERRED!
Vote for Perot, the Yellow Ross of Texas
Vote Republican, it's easier than thinking.
Vuja De - The Feeling You've Never Been Here
Vuja De is that eerie feeling that none of this has happened before.
Vulcans have less fun.
Vulgarity: The conduct of others.
Vultures only fly with carrion luggage.
VW: Germany's revenge for getting beaten in the war.
VYARZERZOMANIMORORSEZASSEZANSERAREORSES?
W. C. Fields is alive and drunk in Philadelphia.
Wade in the water; you're bound to get wet if you keep on doin' it right. -- Grateful Dead
Waging a war between good and evil can be a bore. -- Madonna
WAGNER'S LAW OF SPORTS TV: When the camera isolates on a male athlete, he will either spit, pick or scratch.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. -- Mark Twain
Wait a minute, waaait a minute, this is Cop Rock! -- Butt-head
Wait a minute. That's not love, that's a John Woo movie. -- Adam Rixey
Wait a minute... soft, brown... YES! We are holding a WOMAN! This is not a drill! -- Herman's Head
Wait a sec, I'm an adult straight white male and all my limbs are still attached. I'm supposed to rule the frickin planet single-handedly with all my whorin' and queer-bashin', right? Sheesh. Obtain a clue. -- Robert Harley
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
Wait, here's a solution, give her the magazine before you read it and tell her to take out all the pictures of women who are more attractive than her. Or have her cut clothing out of a fashion magazine and paste it on the women. -- John Dobbin
Wait, I get to play with computers if I have a heart attack? Cool! Time to drop that stupid healthy diet. -- John Dobbin
Wait, what's there to fill the free time if not wanking? -- John Dobbin
Waitaminit! Why are we following the Tarka?? -- Chris Holly
WAITER! There's soup in my fly!
Waiter, can I have some more parsley?
Waiter, pot of coffee for two, and make sure it's hot, strong, and... in a pot. -- Hugh Laurie
Waiter, there's no fly in my soup! -- Kermit
Waiter: Unemployed actor
Waiting is a trap. There will always be reasons to wait. The truth is, there are only two things in life, reasons and results, and reasons simply don't count. -- Robert Anthony
Wake up and smell the cat food in your bank account. -- They Might Be Giants
Wake up and smell the coffee. They're neither moral nor majority. -- L7
wake up and smell the coffee.
Wake up and smell the humus! -- Robin Williams (Aladdin)
Wake up Bitch, you're my new best friend! -- Matt Stone (Baseketball)
Wake up Harry, you're having a very important nightmare. -- Gavin Whitehope (Wild Palms)
Wake up to insomnia.
Wake up. Time to die. -- Blade Runner
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime. For a first offense, that is.
Wal-Mart is to shopping what Buchenwald was to health spas. -- Harlan Ellison
Waldo is RIGHT and will remain right. -- Rohit Khare
Walk around with a chair over your head. Tell people you're a piece of gum.
Walk on water... but don't get caught!
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Walk softly but carry a big stick.
Walk the talk. Don't stumble the mumble.
Walk through doors, don't crawl through Windows.
Walk, I'll do the rest.
Walking away from him, she realized she was exhausted by the effort of the interview. Talking to a reporter these days was like a deadly chess match; you had to think several steps ahead; you had to imagine all the possible ways a reporter might distort your statement. The atmosphere was relentlessly adversarial. -- Michael Crichton (Airframe)
Walking on water wasn't built in a day. -- Jack Kerouac
WALLACE'S OBSERVATION: Everything is in a state of utter dishevelment.
Walt Disney didn't die. He's in suspended animation.
Walter R&ouml;hrl ... goes much, much faster than anyone wearing a cardigan sweater has a right to. Without force, without breaking into a sweat, and while talking to you in a tone that would suggest you were chatting with him at the pool side, this two-time World Rally Champion can finesse a 911 Turbo around a track at speeds that have you swearing a big crash is just a nanosecond away. Late, late, late, near-disaster braking points, 6-5-4-3-2-1 downshifts faster than a Nikon motor drive can catch it on film, a three pedal Terpsichore at Mach VIII velocity, and a perfect rotation into the hairpin, full throttle acceleration through the esses, and then hard braking to stop in the pits - he's like Bing Crosby on crystal meth. -- Motor Trend (June 1995)
WALTER'S LAW OF POLITICS: A fool and his money are soon elected.
Wand of Xagyg: In case of Armageddon, break glass -- Wm. Mark Simmons
Wanna buy a bridge?
Wanna fly? You got to give up all the shit that weighs you down. -- Toni Morrison
Wanna fuck like bunnies? (Pick up line)
Wanna go to Lou's Place? Ooo-hoo LOU! -- MST3K
Wanna jump start your brain? Do us all a favor and stick your finger in a light socket. -- John Dobbin
Wanna medal? Wanna mettle? Wanna meddle? -- John Dobbin
Wanna pieca candy?
Want a gummi bear? They're warm and soft... they've been in my pocket. -- Ferris Bueller's Day Off
Want a taste of religion? Bite a minister.
Want a thing long enough, and you don't.
Want an example of the, oh, worst possible syntax for a construction? Look to ML, the language with the magical changing syntax. -- Robert Rodgers
Want me to create a diversion?
Want to hear the most annoying sound in the world? -- Dumb and Dumber
Want to know the origin of species? Check my refrigerator.
Want to play a game? It's called, "Is there a God?" -- Wednesday Addams
Want to show your wife that you love her? Learn to change a diaper. And then do it, empty the diaper pail/trash can, clean up the spit up. Even without being asked. Your wife will appreciate it. It will be good for your soul. -- Wayne Baisley
Wanted: 50 girls for stripping machine operators in factory.
Wanted: Chambermaid in rectory. Love in, $200 a month. References required.
Wanted: Hair-cutter. Excellent growth potential.
Wanted: Man to take care of cow that does not smoke or drink.
Wanted: Man to wash dishes and two waitresses.
Wanted: new thread. Top unhinged quality. No phone calls please. -- Scott Berkun
WANTED: Schroedinger's cat. Dead or alive.
Wanted: Unmarried girls to pick fresh fruit and produce at night.
Wanted: Volcano. Average size. Must be active.
Wanted: Widower with school-age children requires person to assume general housekeeping duties. Must be capable of contributing to growth of family.
WANU, n.: Well-adjusted, normal upbringing. What none of us had.
War does not decide who is right. Only who is left.
War educates the senses, calls into action the will, perfects the physical constitution, brings men into such swift and close collision in critical moments that man measures man. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
War is about money, which is worth turning your head from justice for. Peace is about patience, which is just killing time between wars. -- Duck
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse. The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. -- John Stewart Mill
War is human nature, as is murder and misc violence. Trying to revise human nature is the direction of our age to some degree, but it's stupid. The current trend is to suppress or "safely channel" the human need to destroy, maim, and kill. It's about as sensible towards violence as the Victorian era was about sex. Let's have a rennaisance of Free Hate to supplement Free Love. Invectivism. -- Clifford Low
War is its own punishment.
War is like love; it always finds a way. -- Bertold Brecht
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. -- George Orwell
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ketchup is a vegetable. Vote Republican 1984.
War is the last refuge of incompetent statesmen.
War News: Sadam's army blown away by Thai hookers.
War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands. -- H.L. Mencken
Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?
Warm and sarcastic guy in late 20's wants to take you to a junkyard. -- SF Weekly
Warning on a sports car: The keys are on the seat next to the doberman.
WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL: The firings will continue until morale improves.
WARNING... drinking tap water can kill your thirst!
WARNING... drinking tap water may kill your thirst
Warning: contains explicit language, violence, and 53M of data. -- Spirit of Christmas: Official Distribution Site
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
WARNING: Do not attempt this at home.
WARNING: my messages are offensive to morons!
Warning: Not a religion, do not worship. -- Cult of Pac Man
Warning: Politicians can damage your wealth.
Warning: Rob contains electrically charged particles moving at velocities in excess of five hundred million miles per hour. HANDLE WITH EXTREME CARE. -- Robert Harley
WARNING: This page designed by programmers. According to our staff artists, viewing this page may be hazardous to your aesthetic health. -- Disclaimer at www.watervalley.net
Warning: This Superman suit does not enable the wearer to fly.
Warning: Whimsical when bored.
WARNING: windsurfing story ahead, no socially redeeming content -- Martin Frankel
WARNING: You are entering Minnesota. Please use an alternate route!
Warp 5 ... engage. No, no, Mr. Data, more clutch
Warranty and guarantee clauses are voided by payment of the invoice.
Warren's Rule: To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.
Warriors, come out and play! -- MST3K
Was Beehtoven's 1st movement done in the toilet or privy?
Was I doing something particularly saucy? -- Friends
Was it a car or a cat I saw?
Was it Kierkegaard or Dick Van Patton who said, if you label me, you negate me? -- Wayne's World
Was it love or was it the idea of being in love? -- Pink Floyd (One Slip)
Was it my imagination or did the whole city smell a little gamey today? -- Seinfeld
Was it only just a dream? -- John Lennon (Looking back on the Beatles.)
Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? HELL no! And it ain't over now! -- Animal House
Was it really worth it to destroy a seven million dollar mini-mall to rescue a girl whose ransom was only twenty five thousand dollars? -- Demolition Man
Was it the most out of it thing ever, or did I blink? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Was it worth the wade? -- John Dobbin
Was Jimi Hendrix's modem a Purple Hayes?
Was Robin Hood's mother know as Mother Hood?
Was Tasha Yar the Enterprise's expert on Data entry?
Was that your wife I saw in that GIF?
Was there a God?
Was today really necessary?
Washing one's hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless means to side with the powerful, not to be Neutral. -- Freire
Washing Windows is better than running them.
Washington D.C. is a city of Southern efficiency and northern charm. -- JFK
Washington D.C. is a work-free drug place.
Washington is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm. -- John F. Kennedy
Wasn't it Sheila E., that drummer woman who danced with Prince with such reckless abandon - aren't her words the fountainhead of all our problems? These words are the source from which all flows and to which all returns. She is indeed both the Tigris and the Euphradites. -- Elliot Peter Earls (The Apollo Program)
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs. -- Euripides (431 BC)
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Waste not, want not, will not, cannot.
Wasted, they delivered us Animal House, Blues Brothers, Caddyshack, Meatballs... sober they gave us What About Bob?, Great Outdoors, The Stuff, Caddyshack II, Cops and Robbersons... you make the call. -- Baked Potatoes
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch it - you're trying my infinite patience.
Watch out for information vampires. They byte.
Watch out for off-by-one errors.
watch out for quantum ducks... quark! quark!
Watch out for the backdraft. -- MST3K
Watch out for the old mortar in the rocks in the fourteenth hole trick.
watch out for the volvo station wagons, too. actually, i think that the only station wagon it's permissable to buy is a powder blue late model buick roadmaster with faux wood panelling, and the driver's door has to be primer brown. no hub caps, neither. (of course, my personal dream car is a flat-black cadillac hearse with a chopped top, racing slicks, supercharger with enourmous hood scoop, and nitrous oxide - though the nitrous has to be plumbed into the vent system, not the engine:) -- Ethan Schartman
Watch out where the Huskies go and don't you eat that yellow snow
Watch where you go... remember where you've been...
Watch where you go...remember where you've been...
Watch while the queen in one false move turns herself into a pawn.
Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
Watching these guys trying to be wireheads is like watching old people fuck -- Mike Belt
Watching you pretend to agree with both sides of an argument is a potent reminder of what I consider your biggest personal flaw. -- John Dobbin
Water + Malt + Hops + Yeast = Satisfaction
Water Elementals know they're ready when they're wet.
Water has no fat and no calories and sugar has some calories but no fat, so if I only have slurpees, I can pretend it is a liquid diet, and hence good for me. Large consumption of diet aids are good, so I'm not addicted if I use these frequently, right? -- Richard Goodman
Water is composed of two gins. Oxygin and hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water.
Water polo players have slick yellow balls.
Water, taken in moderation, can't hurt anyone. -- Mark Twain
Water, the source of all life! -- MST3K
Water? Never touch the stuff! Fish fuck in it. -- W. C. Fields
Watson Come here I need you
Wave if you know Schroedinger.
Wave to your neighbor, Word to your mother.
Way, WAY too meta. And touchie-feelie. I really can't stand being nurtured, you know? This language of the 90s is going to make me crazy: nurturing, empowerment, mutual support and trust, perceptions, dynamics, effective communication, non-directive, rules and explicit expectations are initially kept in abeyance so that they may emerge, be examined and formulated, spontaneously. AHGEE! -- Megan Coughlin
Wayne Newton is, he says, an example of what America can be.
Wayne's World is the top show in Russia right now... NYET!
Wayne's World... The Next Generation... And monkeys might fly out my butt!
Wayne's World... The Next Generation... NOT!!!
Wayne's World... The Next Generation... Sheyah right... As If...
Ways to annoy: Claim that you must always wear a bicycle helmet as part of your "astronaut training".
Ways to annoy: Declare your apartment an independent nation, and sue your neighbors upstairs for "violating your airspace".
Ways to annoy: Disassemble your pen and "accidently" flip the ink cartridge across the room.
Ways to annoy: Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any moment.
Ways to annoy: Erect an elaborate network of ropes in your backyard, and tell the neighbors you are a "spider person".
Ways to annoy: Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with prophesy".
Ways to annoy: Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch with a can of Lysol.
Ways to annoy: Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was a "real hoot".
Ways to annoy: Highlight irrelevant information in scientific papers and copy them to your boss.
Ways to annoy: Holler random numbers while someone is counting.
Ways to annoy: If you have a glass eye, tap on it occasionally with your pen while talking to others.
Ways to annoy: In the memo field of all your checks, write "for sensual massage".
Ways to annoy: Insist on keeping your car windshield wipers running in all weather conditions "to keep them tuned up".
Ways to annoy: Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance.
Ways to annoy: Leave the copy machine set to reduce 200%, extra dark, 17 inch paper, 99 copies.
Ways to annoy: Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.
Ways to annoy: Make beeping noises when a large person backs up.
Ways to annoy: Name your dog "Dog".
Ways to annoy: Practice making fax and modem noises.
Ways to annoy: Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly.
Ways to annoy: Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think".
Ways to annoy: Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your ears.
Ways to annoy: Specify that your drive-through order is "to go".
Ways to annoy: Start each meal by conspicuously licking all your food, and announce that this is so no one will "swipe your grub".
Ways to annoy: Stomp on little plastic ketchup packets.
Ways to annoy: Wear a special hip holster for your remote control.
Ways to skin a cat #27: Use an electric belt sander.
WCWM: Like a fine supermarket wine. -- Adam Rifkin
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life when all we need to make us reallly happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
We all crave the perfect enemy. -- J.C. Herz
We all end in the ocean; we all start in the streams. We're all carried along by the River of Dreams. -- Billy Joel
We all enter this world in the same way: naked; screaming; soaked in blood. But if you live your life right, that kind of thing doesn't have to stop there. -- Dana Gould
We all get burned as one more sun comes sliding down the sky, one more shadow leans against the wall. -- Counting Crows
We all get heavier as we get older because there's a lot more information in our heads. -- Vlade Divac
We all have a destiny. Nothing just happens. -- Forrest Gump
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We all know the psychic power of a televised image. -- Slacker
We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
We all took their ability to come back to their normal position as a personal challenge. -- John Dobbin
We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -- C.S. Lewis
We already did this function. -- Apple MPW C compiler error message
We always feared one day Brian would leave, and we always hoped one day Jennifer would. -- Bill Rifkin
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next 10. -- Bill Gates
We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb your cities. -- Robin Williams (Good Morning Vietnam)
we are *not* going to have the Rob Wants To Return To The Gold Standard conversation, dammit. -- Andrew Stellman
We are a nation that has a government, not the other way around. And this makes us special among the nations of the Earth. -- Ronald Reagan
We are all connected to each other, in a circle, in a hoop that never ends. -- Pocahontas
We are all driven into the same fold. -- Horace (8 BC)
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -- Oscar Wilde
We are all in the gutter, but some of us look at the stars.
We are all of us living in the shadow of Manhattan. -- Watchmen
We are all practical in our own interest and idealists when it concerns others. -- Kahlil Gibran
We are all self-made, but only the rich will admit it.
We are all special cases. -- Albert Camus
we are all the same color once our skin has been removed and replaced by superconducting wire mesh to dissipate spot lasers -- Vijay Gill
We are all worms. But I do believe I am a glowworm. -- Winston Churchill
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe. -- Ray Bradbury
We are approaching the point were we are incapable of reasonable discourse on Internet content. Refuse to boot up for inspection means you've got something to hide. Defend civil liberties of the accused means you condone guilty acts. Question the nature of the censorious policies in the first place means you are filthy, and as unhealthy as the wily-eyed porn devourer. -- Kenneth Neil Cukier
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it. -- Whole Earth Catalog
We are better writers tan tis; even if Ernie does resist my fact laden listin styule, it's at least more riorous tan tis stuff. For me, writin == model makin, wic means ortonalization. -- Rohit Khare
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
We are born unarmed. Our mind is our only weapon. -- Ayn Rand
We are building contractors, not to be confused with homemakers.
We are but dust and shadow. -- Horace (8 BC)
We are but mildew on the shower curtain of life.
We are completely network agnostic. In fact, we would invest in broadband carrier pigeons if someone could find a way for them to deliver two megabits into the home. -- Bruce Lynn (group manager, network solutions, Microsoft)
We are digging the pit of Babel. -- Franz Kafka
We are enjoying a sluggish economy and not enjoying it very much. -- George H. W. Bush
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought. -- Bertrand Russell (Skeptical Essays)
We are forever joined with all that came before us, and part of all that follows.
We are going to cut off their air supply. Everything they're selling, we're going to give away for free. -- Paul Maritz (Microsoft Group Vice-President, referring to Microsoft's strategy to beat Netscape)
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it. -- Dwight Eisenhower
We are having very similar problems. It looks like most of the difficulty is that the digital lines are out of phase. Of course, trying to get bell to correct it is impossible. So we blew them up. Then we killed all of the customers. Best move we ever made. -- Chris Rapier
We are here on Earth to do good to others. What the others are here for, I don't know.
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it. -- William Osler
We are here to drink beer ... and [to] live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us. -- Charles Bukowski
We are here to ruin ourselves and to break our hearts and love the wrong people and die. -- Nicholas Cage
We are immortal for a while. Then our warranty runs out.
We are in great haste to construct a magnetic telegraph from Maine to Texas; but Maine and Texas, it may be, have nothing important to communicate. -- Henry David Thoreau
We are in such a slump that even the ones that aren't drinkin' aren't hittin'. -- Casey Stengel
We are in the world to laugh. -- Jules Renard
We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever. -- Carl Sagan
We are men of action. Lies do not become us. -- Wesley (the Princess Bride)
We are Microsoft. OS/2 is irrelevant. UNIX is irrelevant. Openness is futile. Prepare to be assimilated.
We are more troubled by the few who have more than by the many who have less.
We are Mr. Rogers of Borg. Can YOU say "assimilation"?
We are never so easily deceived as when we are deceiving others. -- La Rouchefoucauld
We are no more than candles burning in the wind. -- Japanese Proverb
We are not a clone.
We are not alone.
We are not in the least afraid of ruins, for we carry a new world here in our hearts. -- Bunadvertura Durruti
We are not punished for our sins, but by them.
We are on a roll Cavorting on the Butter
We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem.
We are Pentium of Borg. Arithmetic is futile. Prepare to be approximated. -- Intel (the Next Generation)
We are Pentium of Borg. You will be approximated. Division is futile.
We are phasing in a "paperless office," starting with the restrooms.
We are plain quiet folk and have no use for adventures. Nasty disturbing uncomfortable things! Make you late for dinner! -- The Hobbit
We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur. -- Dan Quayle (9/90)
We are recommending that purchasers of Quicken 98 for Mac do not use the product. -- Stephen Sennott (Intuit tech support)
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep. -- Shakespeare (The Tempest, Prospero's last speech)
We are surrounded by a rising tide of idiots... -- Rohit Khare
We are the Burgh! Yinz need assimilated! -- Chris Rapier
We are the hope and future of America... Scared yet?
We are the knights who say, NIE
We are the magic-makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams, wandering by lone sea breakers, and sitting by desolate streams. -- Arthur Edgar William O'Shaughnessy
We are the makers of the music and the dreamers of the dreams. -- Willie Wonka
We are the most powerful planet on Earth. -- Dan Quayle
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are the people who can find whatever you may need. If you've got the money, honey, we've got your disease. -- Guns n Roses
We are upping our standards... so up yours. -- Pat Paulsen
We are what we are.
We are what we pretend to be. -- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -- Aristotle
We are young but getting old before our time. -- Joe Jackson
We are, after all, professionals. -- Hunter S. Thompson
We ask ourselves--Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are we not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. -- Nelson Mandela
We asked him to explain it to us again, and we still couldn't understand what he was talking about, so ignore what he says and write about what we explained - we're the ones grading it anyway. -- anonymous CMU TAs
We asses our resources and our desires. Then we formulate a program to best utilize the former to achieve the latter. We stand to gain considerably if we do this correctly. -- Piers Anthony
We become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions. -- Aristotle (Nicomachean Ethics)
We Believe in the Interconnectedness of All Things. -- Dan Connolly
We bottom feeders prefer cereal first. -- Jerry Maguire
We call things we don't understand complex, but that means we haven't found a good way of thinking about them. -- Tsutomu Shimomura (Takedown)
We can be whatever we can to be. -- Adam Rifkin
We can defeat gravity. The problem is the paperwork involved.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love. -- Mother Theresa
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. -- Plato
We can lick gravity, but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelmming. -- Wernher von Braun
We can live beside the ocean, leave them far behing, swim out past the breakers, watch the world die. -- Everclear
we can look at the roxy as a state of mind. A sort of head space if you will. every where is the roxy if you choose to look at it in the right light. (hell:the disco that never closes, and has no bathrooms) -- Steve Archer
We can never be sure that the opinion we are endeavoring to stifle is a false opinion; and if we were sure, stifling it would be an evil still. -- John Stuart Mill (On Liberty)
We can never tell what is in store for us. -- Harry S Truman
We can only pay our debt to the past by putting the future in debt to ourselves. -- John Buchan
We can rule out lustful, apathetic, malicious, malevolent, vengeful, hubristic, voracious, covetous, acquisitive, arrogant, and desolate. -- Megan Coughlin
We can see the stars but still not see the light. -- Eagles
We can take you to the Cellar, get you all lickered up, and take advantage of your state... and your city, and your neighborhood... -- Tripp Lilley
We can't all be heros because someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by. -- Will Rodgers
We can't all live in clever clever land. -- Reality Bites
We can't do anything until there was a crime committed.
We can't go back, and we can't stay here. -- Picard
We can't return an item based purely on spite. -- Seinfeld
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
We can't, and some of us don't. That's all there is to it. -- AA Milne (Eeyore)
We cannot direct the wind...But we can adjust the sails.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
We cannot reason ourselves out of our basic irrationality. All we can do is to learn the art of being irrational in a rational way. -- Aldous Huxley
We cannot unthink unless we are insane. -- Arthur Koestler
We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse them. -- Evelyn Waugh
We come in peace, shoot to kill! shoot to kill! shoot to kill! -- The Firm
We come in peace. Shoot to kill.
We come in to this world screaming, naked, and covered in blood. If you live your life right, that sort of fun doesn't have to end there...
We come to feel as we behave. -- Paul Pearsall
We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it. -- Thomas Jefferson
We could always shoot one of the philosophers. -- David Gries
We could be home watching daytime TV right now! -- Megan Coughlin
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
We could get a lot of writing done if I get a boneheaded question from you every day, I answer it, and you keep filing it away into a book structure. We could even do it by FAX from india, worst comes to worst, with airmail disk backup. -- Rohit Khare
We could have "wise ass mode" where the program does what it thinks you want it to do, rather than what you tell it to do. And we could have "kevetch mode" where whatever you try to do it puts up a dialog box telling you why that really would not be such a good idea. My mom gets in that mode sometimes -- I wish I knew how to toggle her. -- Mark Curby
We could present spatially an atomic fact which contradicted the laws of physics, but not one which contradicted the laws of geometry. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
We could tangle spiders in the webs you weave.
We couldn't really write songs about cars and girls because we had no girlfriends and no cars. -- Johnny Ramone
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us, with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke, and a presumption that once our eyes watered. -- Tom Stoppard (Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead)
We decided at lunch today that John Feiler is in charge of setting up an experiment to prove/disprove Marc's assertion that if you had a hundred monkey tossing a hundred salads for a hundred years, one of them would end up separating the salad into its component ingredients. -- Megan Coughlin
We demand guaranteed rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty! -- Vroomfondel
We demand that you bring this planet up to code! -- Calvin and Hobbes
We desperately need a buzzword compliant operating system that we can build on. -- Carl de Cordova (Internet Evangelist, Apple Computer)
We did not inherit the land from our fathers. We are borrowing it from our children. -- Amish belief
We didn't all come over on the same ship but we're all in the same boat.
We didn't experiment with pot. We smoked it. -- Pierre Berton
we didn't mean 'free' as in no cost, we meant 'free' as in 'free to charge as much as we like' -- Ashley Niblock
We die only once, and for such a long time. -- Moliere
We do dangerous drugs, and pass the savings on to you!
We do not inherit the world from our parents - we borrow it from our children.
We do not raise silk worms in the United States, because we get our silk from rayon. He is a larger worm and gives more silk.
We do not remember days. We remember moments. -- Cesare Pavese
We do not talk - we bludgeon one another with facts and theories gleaned from cursory readings of newspapers, magazines and digests. -- Henry Miller
We do not tear your clothing with machinery. We do it carefully by hand.
We do the best with what God gave us. -- Forrest Gump
We do what we can but it's never enough.
We don't call them handicapped. They're handicapable! -- George Carlin
We don't care about no government warnings, about the promotion of the simple life and the dams they are building. -- Cornershop (Brimful of Asha)
We don't care enough about nateral fenominum.
We don't care. We don't have to. We're engineers.
We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company.
We don't have speed limits on *my* planet. -- Top 5
We don't have to worry about a foreign power taking over the USA. They'd soon find that they couldn't afford to live here.
We don't inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children. -- David Brower
We don't inherit the Earth from our parents, we borrow it from our children.
We don't just *borrow* words; on occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary. -- James D. Nicoll
We don't know what RAM is, but we know we need more of it. -- Dave Barry
We don't know who discovered water, but we are certain it wasn't a fish.
We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.
We don't like their sound. Besides, guitar groups are on the way out. -- President of Decca Records as he turned down the Beatles in 1962
We don't like your music. We like music with instruments. -- Julie Callahan
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. -- Pink Floyd
We don't need solutions. We need shotguns! -- Vijay Gill
We don't play soccer much. You have to use your head a lot, you know...
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
We don't serve alcohol to young people under 18 years. Our young people are very clever, they will serve themselves.
We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!
We don't use the word "computer," we use the word "multimedia CD-ROM stuff." -- Timothy Leary
We each had a good hit. Then we refilled our glasses and walked out. At one time I used to refer to Sarah and me as Zelda and Scott, but that bothered her because she didn't like the way Zelda had ended up. And I didn't like what Scott had typed. So, we had abandoned our sense of humor there. -- Hank Chinaski (Hollywood)
We eat a precious mix of wild imagination. -- Miroslav Prstojevic in Sarajevo
We erase that memory by staying out all night destroying our brain cells with alcohol and sociopathic behavior. Easy solutions to life's difficult problems. -- The Opposite Sex
We experience moments absolutely free from worry. These brief respites are called panic. -- Cullen Hightower
We fall into error if we attribute to strategy a power independent of tactical results. -- Karl von Clausewitz (On War)
We fear change. -- Wayne's World
We feel sorry for people who don't drink because when you get up in the morning, that's as good as you're gonna feel for the rest of the day. -- Frank Sinatra
We found his head 30 yards away... obviously a suicide.
We gladly feast on those who would subdue us. -- Gomes Addams
We got both types of music, country AND western. -- Blues Brothers
We got license plates, wedding gifts, tax returns, checks to politicians from real estate firms, cuz we're stealing people's mail. -- Dead Kennedys
We got more money than Davey Crockett. -- Forrest Gump
We grant instant celebrity to the New Kids on the Block, but support an educational system that takes an average of eight years to issue each Ph.D. -- Robert X. Cringely
We had great problems conceptually with Mosaic because it was sort of the Volkswagen Bug of transportation. Everybody can afford it, it takes no time to install, it does something that is new to you, but it's not quite transportation. -- Robert Cailliau
We had her through an astral projection conception. -- Adam Rifkin
We had one entry in the Madame Currie look alike contest, and he was later disqualified.
We had the experience, but we missed the meaning. -- TS Eliot
We had to destroy the village to save it. -- Lt. William Calley (My Lai)
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office. -- Aesop
We have a date with destiny, and it seems like she ordered the lobster. -- The Shoveller (Mystery Men)
We have a dozen bingo halls in our town. All the proceeds go to fight gambling.
We have a equal opportunity calculus class -- it's fully integrated.
We have a few lies that we can use to make bigger lies, called network models. -- Felipe Cabrera
We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a *part* of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a *part* of Europe. -- Dan Quayle
We have a generally optimistic view, and I think most people do. I'm not saying the whole world is great, but most people understand that life is hard and you try. I don't know anyone who at their core doesn't feel that way. -- John Popper
We have a God who delights in impossiblities. -- Andrew Murray
We have a piper down. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
We have been pushing the idea that George Bush is going to make matters much, much worse. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
We have come from somewhere and are going somewhere - the great architect of the universe never built a stairway that leads nowhere.
We have deep depth. -- Yogi Berra
We have dozens of steaks in Soviet Union, dozens
We have drugs to make women speak, but none to keep them silent. -- Anatole France
We have engaged the Borg. The wedding will be Friday.
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of SMART?
We have found a common cause, and it's your money. -- Johnny Rotten
We have French bread, French dressing, French fries and to drink...Peru! -- Better Off Dead
We have got to find a way to turn off MTV, and get out and meet, talk, dance, and relate to each other as real people. All of us. The short, tall, fat, shy, old, young, warm, happy, beautiful people that we are. -- Gordon Irlam
We have got to get organized
We have here the latest in primitive technology.
We have incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since our inception. We expect losses from operations and negative cash flows to continue for the foreseeable future because we plan to continue to incur significant expenses, especially with regard to our cars. If our revenues do not increase and if our spending levels are not adjusted accordingly, we may not generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. Sometimes we take $20 bills and just flush them down the toilet. Our business manager was last seen heading for the Mexican border with a large suitcase full of cash. -- David Futrelle (Upside)
We have luck only with women -- not spacecraft -- R. Kremnev (Builder of failed Soviet FOBOS probes)
We have met the enemy and he is us. We are surrounded by an insurmountable opportunity. -- Pogo
We have met the enemy, and he is us. -- Walt Kelly
We have no voodoo. -- Dan Zimmerman on why they can get it to work and we cannot
We have not succeeded in solving all your problems. The answers we have found only serve to raise a whole set of new questions. In some ways, we feel we are as confused as ever, but we believe we are confused on a higher level and about more important things. (Door in the CMU Philosophy department)
We have only 2 things to worry about: That things will never get back to normal, and that they already have.
We have only one person to blame, and that's each other. -- Larry Breck
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation. -- Lily Tomlin
We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.
We have some problems requiring serious thought... and you're at the top of our list of serious thinkers, Rohit. -- John Klensin
We have that Indian scene. We can get the Indians from the reservoir. -- Samuel Goldwyn
We have the most [thorough] test guy in the world... [I showed him this program and he asked,] 'but Rob, what if time runs backward?' -- Rob Kolstad
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world - or to make it the last. -- John F. Kennedy
We have them just where they want us. -- Captain James T. Kirk
We have to cure ourselves of the itch for absolute knowledge and power. We have to close the distance between the push-button order and the human act. We have to touch people. -- Jacob Bronowski (The Ascent of Man)
We HAVE to do it! It's part of our lifestyle. -- Seinfeld
We have to go too far to find out how far we can go.
We have to have a focus as a group. We aren't funded just to do distributed computing but to do something unique. Specifically, we focus on methods for designing high-confidence systems with emergent properties and dynamic interactions, using systematic composition. -- Mani Chandy
We have too many high sounding words, and too few actions that correspond with them. -- Abigail Adams
We have virtual intelligence. Virtual cigarettes too. These are dumb. -- John Dobbin
We have white, whiter, and translucent.
We have, I fear, confused power with greatness. -- Stewart Udall
We have, then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C. Yes, but it's a *dry* heat.
we help those who arrive when our blood alcohol level exceeds our caffeine concentrations. now is not that time. -- obvious (#perl)
We hope you don't gnaw our beaks. -- Encino Man
We humans are a curious sort... Little girls like dolls and little boys like soldiers. When we grow up, women like soldiers and men like dolls.
We in the academic world like to think we are bathing the country in logic and right reason, when all you have to do is stop at a service station or read a newspaper to find out otherwise. There is a spine of goofiness in America that has never been deterred by literacy. It's not that we are in a genetic slump but that literacy, the educative system, barely scratches the surface of ordinary consciousness. -- the character Professor Michael (from the novel Dalva by Jim Harrison)
we in the psychiatric community have a special term for people like John ... "stark staring bonkers" -- Mark Argent
We interrupt the president's State of The Union Address to bring you these developments from the O.J. Simpson trial...
We invented credit cards, suburban shopping malls, and day care just to make our consumerism more efficient. We sent our wives, husbands, children, and grandparents out to work, just to pay for all the stuff we wanted - needed - to buy. -- Robert X. Cringely
We joined Jennifer Lynch of L7 and Chuck D of Public Enemy for a suare into cyberspace. -- MTV News
We judge others by their actions, but we judge ourselves by our intentions. -- Jerry Wunder
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have done. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
We just can't let Mother Nature run wild! -- Walter Hickle (ex-Gov of Alaska)
We just canonized my solution as opposed to your solution. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
We just sit at home and play with our computers and we can make stuff that's funky without being funky ourselves. -- Fatboy Slim
We just want woman to have more realistic ideals. And we want all of you to look like Demi Moore. Is that so much to ask? -- John Dobbin
We keep moving forward, opening up new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious... and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths. -- Walt Disney
We keep passing unseen through little moments of other people's lives. -- Robert M. Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
We knew the world would not be the same. A few people laughed, a few people cried. Most people were silent. -- J. Robert Oppenheimer
We know that the nature of genius is to provide idiots with ideas twenty years later. -- Louis Aragon (french poet (1897-1982))
We know the human brain is a device to keep the ears from grating on one another. -- Peter de Vries
We Know We Belong To The Land..OK
We know when you are sleeping / We know when you're awake / We know if you've been good or bad / So be good, or we'll forge your tax returns and get you in trouble with the IRS. -- Tymowski
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
We lie to you by not telling you things. We don't lie by telling you things that aren't true. -- U.S. official to Wash. Post
We like all kinds of praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind.
We like to test things... No matter how good an idea sounds, test it first. -- Henry Block (CEO, H&R Block)
We live by encouragement and die without it... slowly, sadly, angrily. -- Celeste Holm
We live in a cynical world, and we work in a business with tough competitors... I love you. -- Jerry Maguire
We live in a dangerous Age. To say how you feel is to lay your own grave -- Sinead O'Connor
We live in a nation of guided missiles and misguided men. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
We live, not as we wish to, but as we can. -- Menander (292 BC)
We lived in this dry-below-the-waist kind of scene... Where I come from, a cockroach is a roach and a cockerel is a rooster because they can't bring themselves to say 'cock'. -- Tori Amos (recalls her childhood, Elle, 7/97)
We look for things. Things that make us go.
We looked at the programs and the parties, and they're all the same, only with different famous people, and they're all the same as well. You aren't going to look back on this in twenty years and think 'Sonny and Cher'. There's no ideal place to be for Y2K. Well, except maybe Natalie Portman's lap. -- Paul Mazaitis
We love hate! We hate love! -- Marilyn Manson
We love peace, but not peace at any price. There is a peace more destructive of the manhood of living man, than war is destructive of his body. Chains are worse than bayonets. -- Douglas Jerrold (1803-1857)
We love you very much. If you were Jeffrey Dahmer, we would still love you. -- Flirting with Disaster
We loved Shteve. Shteve wash sho shexy! -- Friends
We made too many wrong mistakes. -- Yogi Berra
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -- Mary Ann Evans
We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot. -- St. Augustine
We make people heroes too easily. -- Tony Danza
We may be alone. We may not be alone. Either way, the thought is staggering.
We may lose, and we may win, but we will never be here again. -- Eagles
We may not get everything right, but at least we knew the century was going to end. -- Douglas Adams
We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex. But Congress can. -- Cullen Hightower
We may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have experience in the heating and cooling mileu. -- Friends
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
We meet again Obi Wan, but now I am the master. -- Darth Vader
We must accept finite diappointment, but never lose infinite hope. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
We must act out passion before we can feel it. -- Jean-Paul Sartre (The Words)
We must all work to make this world worthy of its children. -- Pablo Casals
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We must become new people, or be satisfied the way we are. Either way we risk tragedy. But by the first, we choose Life; by the second we choose Death. -- Corita Kent
We must combine the toughness of the serpent with the softness of the dove, a tough mind and a tender heart. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
We must free ourselves from the prison of public education and politics. -- Epicurus (300 B.C.)
We must laugh at man, to avoid crying for him. -- Napoleon
We must make safer weapons; we must make safer bullets. -- Jocylyn Elders
We must never forget that if the war in Vietnam is lost... the right of free speech will be extinguished throughout the world. -- Richard Milhouse Nixon (10/27/65)
We must never forget that the ultimate purpose of an explosive is to explode. -- Petri Pihko
We must somehow believe that unearned suffering is redemptive. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
We must view young people not as empty bottles to be filled, but as candles to be lit. -- Robert H. Shaffer
We named the DOG Indiana. -- Henry Jones Sr.
We need a chick that doesn't suck... no, wait a minute. That's not what I meant. -- Butt-head
We need a chick that used to be married to some dork, so now she's like, all wild and stuff. -- Butt-head
We need a return to traditional values. Slavery is our only hope.
We need a word for all the kitty-prints that are all over my windshield because the cats like to lie on my hood when the car is still warm. -- Megan Coughlin
We need a world where we can have both computers and campfires. -- Pat Califia
We need less Hitchcock and more hard cock. -- John Dobbin
We need more caffiene to achieve escape velocity!
We need more unemployed politicians.
We need old friends to help us grow old and new friends to help us stay young. -- Letty Cottin Pogrebin
We need some more secret sauce, leave this Mayonaisse out in the sun. -- The Simpsons
We need the ribbon for evidence. -- Secret Service agent regarding confiscation of an SJG laser printer
We need to be loved and we need to give love. When we are thwarted in this, we suffer terribly.
We need to solve the agglomaerativenaming problem ASAP. It's worth a System Software Award. -- Rohit Khare
We never do anything well till we cease to think about the manner of doing it. -- William Hazlitt
We never got a thank you card, so I assume she loved it so much she couldn't express it with words.
We Now Bring You A Live Report From Baghdad... what is this drivel of a segue? -- Rohit Khare
We now return to our regularly scheduled flame-throwing.
We now return you to your regularly scheduled "I've been hacking so long we had only zeros, not ones and zeros" discussion... -- Randal Schwartz
We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do.
We on the Internet are exchanging, freely and openly, the most uninhibited, intimate and... yes... shocking details about our CONFIG.SYS settings. -- Dave Barry
We only fear in others that which we fear in ourselves.
We passed only one pig farm. They smell about the same in Indiana as they do in Illinois. -- Larry Potter, Sr. (Day 33 log of crosscountry bike ride)
We plan absentee ownership. I'll stick to building ships. -- George Steinbrenner (1973)
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves than not speak of ourselves at all.
We present greater opportunities for ourselves by acquiring greater knowledge. It is the essence of our profession. -- C. Everett Koop
We presume the Apple legal staff is all primed and ready to descend in wrath upon the honeymoon cottage immediately if the happy groom even attempts to 'look and feel'. -- Lon Stowell on Bill Gates's engagement
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
We protest against unjust criticism, but we accept unearned applause. -- Jose Narosky
We put the "laughter" in Manslaughter. -- Randy Goldstein
We put the F.U. in fun. -- Top 5
We put the Ho in Hotel. -- Top 5
We ran out of fax paper and our secretary didn't want to drive in all that rain so she called the supply company and asked them to just fax over some more paper.
We read to say that we have read.
We really don't have any enemies. It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.
We really need it because Microsoft keeps releasing sloppier and sloppier software that needs a faster and faster machine. The speed is crazy. -- Ken Olsen
We recently purchased a "Ph balanced complexion bar". In layman's terms, this translates to "soap". -- Rustan Leino
We refer to her as "Man's Best Friend."
We represent a major manufacturer of manacles and cattle prods, and we'd like to scout out sales opportunities in your glorious police state. -- Roger Burton-West
We riked you Chinee waiter imitation. Hope youriked the speciar soup we fix fol you.
We say boys are made from snakes snails and puppy dog tails and girls are made from sugar and spice and everything nice. Then we wonder why some men don't have any self esteem, and some woman need an attitude adjustment.
We say diamonds are a girl's best friend and a dog is man's best friend, then we wonder why relationships collapse.
We say that we cannot bear our troubles but when we get to them we bear them. -- Ning Lao T'ai-t'ai
We secretly replaced the dilithium with Folger's Crystals
We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
We seem to have juxtaposed an impasse here.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid. She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again, and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one anymore, either. -- Mark Twain
We should be thankful for that little bag of peanuts they give us on airplanes. In Africa, thousands of elephants are going hungry... and missing their connecting flights.
We should be thankful for the good things we have and, also, for the bad things we don't have.
We should celebrate all the good things we've been blessed with. Any suggestions? Do you like Dim Sum? Anything else? -- Mani Chandy
We should develop anti-satellite weapons because we could not have prevailed without them in 'Red Storm Rising'. -- Senator Dan Quayle
We should forgive our enemies, but only after they've been taken out and shot.
We should give as we would receive, cheerfully, quickly, and without hesitation; for there is no grace in a benefit that sticks to the fingers. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
We should question it all; poke fun at it all; piss off on it all; rail against it all; and most importantly, for Christ's sake, laugh at it all. Because the only thing separating holy writ from complete bullshit is your perspective. -- Dennis Miller
We solve the *whole* crime. We find the *whole* person. Phone today for the *whole* solution to your problem. (Missing cats and messy divorces a speciality.) -- Douglas Adams (Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency)
We spell your name Rikfin to confuse the right wing zealots attempting to take over the country, in your best interests naturally. -- David Nicol
We spend more time playing with computers than most people spend breathing. -- Dementia Front Door Page
We spend so much time contemplating the past and the future that we never discover the land of nowadays.
We spent all week coming up with innumerable examples of irony that Alanis Morisette totally failed to put in her song. -- Megan Coughlin
We start out loving our parents and end up hating them. Sometimes we learn to love them again, but we never forgive them.
We still have to keep men in line, of course, but we no longer have to shoot them on sight. -- Cynthia Heimel ("Sex Tips for Girls", 1983)
We still haven't walked in the glow of each other's majestic presence. -- They Might Be Giants
We study ourselves three weeks, we love each other three months, we squabble three years, we tolerate each other thirty years, and then the children start all over again. -- Hippolyte Taine
We take drugs very seriously at my house...
We talk about sex. Hefner has a sense of its history in America as another man might have a sense of his own hand. -- Chris Colin (Salon)
We tend to idealize tolerance, then wonder why we find ourselves infested with losers and nut cases. -- Patrick Nielsen Hayden
We tend to meet any new situation by reorganizing, and a wonderful method it can be for creating the illusion of progress while producing confusion, inefficiency, and demoralization. -- Petronius (210 B.C.E. Greek philosopher)
We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me. -- Jack Handey
We think about sex obsessively, except during the act, when our minds tend to wander. -- Howard Nemerov (Reading Pornography in Old Age)
We think it's about time for a truly objective news channel... I don't know whether it happened with my friend Ted marrying Jane Fonda or giving up lithium, but with one thing or another (CNN) has changed very greatly in the last couple of years. -- Rupert Murdoch
We think that privacy is about information, but it's not. It's about relationships. -- Kevin Kelly
We thought about trying to emulate the hardware keys, but we didn't want to spend our time dodging the slings and arrows of outrageous lawyers. -- Dan Brown
We took some pictures of the native boys, but they weren't developed.
We train young men to drop fire on people, but their commanders won't allow them to write "Fuck" on their airplanes because its obscene. -- Col. Walter E. Kurtz (Cambodia, 1972)
We tried the "surrealism" setting. Fun! This is better than mad libs. -- Ari Rapkin
We try to name all our hard drives something easy to remember, like Bum Cleaver, Cunny or Big Hairy Pussy. Sometimes it gets complicated when we don't remember if the file we're looking for is Assfuck 25 on the Fuckfuck 12 drive, or Fuckfuck 12 on the Assfuck 25 drive. And when we're talking to each other in the studio, wondering aloud whether running the Cunnykick file through the Fuckchop program on the Asslick disc would help us access the Turbocunt compression... it's really like speaking another language altogether. -- Trent Reznor
We used to *dream* of getting two points for a bumper. When I was a wee lad, to even get to a pinball machine one had to wake up at five in the morning, trudge ten miles each way through the industrial waste from our corregated box outside the sausage factory to the pool hall, battle goons to even get to the pinball machine, and then you wouldn't even get points for hitting a bumper, just electric shocks. -- Ted Frank
We used to have unstaffed projects, but they haven't been very successful. -- John Ellis
We used to take acid. Now we take antacid. -- Jerry Jeff Walker
We used to talk about air, land, and sea battles. Then we added space. Today we must add information systems as a new theatre, tool, and target of battle. -- Colin Powell (2/17/97 Business Week)
We used to think that if we knew one, we knew two, because one and one are two. We are finding that we must learn a great deal more about "and". -- Sir Arthur Eddington
We usually see only the things we are looking for... so much so that we sometimes see them where they are not. -- Eric Hoffer (The Passionate State of Mind)
We walked on the moon -- you be polite. -- Joni Mitchell
We want pets because we want someone who will love us, and someone we can feel superior to, and someone who can't use a gun.
We want these systems to solve a problem we don't know how to solve, but merely know how to state. -- Danny Hillis
We wanted to come up with the silliest name we could think of, and Newt Gingrich was already taken. -- Richard Jeni
We wanted to see the geek who valued the love of his children more than money. -- the Simpsons
We went out and purposely hired the best looking guys we could in the whole wide world, and put them in short pants and let them go after one another running up and down the field, getting sweaty. I think we know how to generate some legal sex appeal on the airwaves, and I think that we have succeeded. -- MLS Commissioner Doug Logan
We went to the restaurant despite our reservations.
We were also discussing, over here in Pod One, that Adam almost has his mental filing system open to people, as long as he lets them look at that notebook. -- Megan Coughlin
We were always lookin for this guy named Charlie. -- Forrest Gump
We were arguing whether or not there's a hyphen in the word 'anal-retentive.'
We were driving 120 mph from L.A. to Nevada when we saw a sign which read, "Zzyzx - 10 miles."
We were high school sweethearts... but then we became like two different TV channels. I was CNN and she was the Home Shopping Network. -- It Could Happen to You
We were one of the few (mad Californians) in tee shirts and shorts; most of the locals were still all bundled up as though they couldn't believe that the good weather would last. We ran (totally by accident) through what appeared to be a private bathing area where some of the locals were topless. Perhaps they were Californians too. -- Mani Chandy
We were picketed by a right to life group after our captain had to abort a takeoff. -- Dennis Miller
We were pissing in the gene pool. -- Henry Rollins
We were so happy those wet carefree nights. I felt we were like Dr. Watson and Sherlock Holmes. I knew my place. And then Catherine said she was leaving. She didn't want to do it but she felt that a writer doesn't make a good companion. 'It's only a matter of time,' she said, 'before I become an alcoholic and forget how to cook.' I suggested we wait and try to ride it out. She shook her head sadly and patted me. 'Get a dog.' -- Jeanette Winterson (Written on the Body)
We were unanimous - in fact everyone was unanimous.
We weren't selling cigarettes, we were selling an image. An image to young boys. -- rock-climber David Gurlitz on his Winston ads
We will all be better citizens when the voting records of our Congressmen are followed as carefuly as scores of pro-football games. -- Lou Erickson
We will either find a way, or make one! -- Hannibal
We will encourage you to develop the three great virtues of programmer: laziness, impatience, and hubris. -- Larry Wall and Randal Schwartz (Programming Perl)
We will get along fine as soon as you realize that I'm Go
We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
We will have the answers for you tomorrow morning.
We will kick anyone's ass who gets in our way. Please do not misconstrue this as a forward looking statement. I am not an insider and have no knowledge of any ass kicking that is being planned or any as-of-yet un-announced kicked asses. Any ass kicking I mention is purely a representation of my opinion and is not intended to influence the opinions of any investors or potential investors.
We will oil your sewing machine and adjust tension in your home for $1.00.
We will say goodbye to all those who are leaving in the time-honored CS Caltech tradition: by eating. -- Mani Chandy
We will scenario them rosily. -- Al Haig (Doonesbury)
We won't need reservations. (Famous last words)
We would have injected vitamin C if only they had made it illegal! -- Trainspotting
We wouldn't be in this kind of trouble if women were making the decisions. Working toward women's health, education, rights, and equality are more important than almost anything else you can do for yourself, or the rest of the people, animals, and other things that live on planet earth. -- Dave Siegel
We write our own destiny: we become what we do. -- Madame Chiang Kai-Shek
We, and all others who believe in freedom as deeply as we do, would rather die on our feet than live on our knees. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
We, the unwilling, led by the unknowing, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful. We have done so much, for so long, with so little, that now we are capable of doing practically anything with nearly nothing.
We'd be out of our ever-loving minds to walk away from Unix [...] Sun Microsystems has made irresponsible claims that HP is abandoning Unix. These statements are a reflection of the small company they are coming from. [...] If HP was only an $8 billion company like Sun, we also might be less ambitious -- Hewlett Packard CEO Lewis Platt
We'd be stupid not to dip our ladle in that bucket again. -- Andy Richter
We'd like to give you a job, but all our factories have moved to your countries.
We'd like to save on typing. In UNIX that was taken as a divine directive. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
We'd order our lives via 1-800 numbers if we could. -- Douglas Coupland (Microserfs)
We'll all miss Sherwood's little Eskimo. Let's hope she's rubbing noses with Jesus. -- Heathers
We'll be back to cavorting druids, death by stoning, and dung for dinner. -- Blackadder III
We'll be back to Nick Danger after this message.
We'll be right there. By which I mean "Come over. We still have party drinks." -- Mike Wallace
We'll be sleeping in the flowers, tell my boss that I've been fired. -- They Might Be Giants
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it!
We'll catch some terrorists, beat the crap out of them, and then we'll feel a hell of a lot better. -- True Lies
We'll cross out that bridge when we come back to it later.
We'll get along fine as soon as you realize I am God here.
We'll get along fine as soon as you realize I'm God.
We'll get along fine as soon as you realize that I'm God
We'll give you piece de resistance and a tour de force.
We'll jump off that bridge when we come to it. -- Bob Bland
We'll look at him together, then we'll take him apart. -- Indigo Girls
We'll make great pets. -- Porno for Pyros
We'll meet on edges soon said I, proud 'neath heated brow. -- Bob Dylan
We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu.
We'll snort some cocaine in the bathroom by the condom dispenser. -- Rugburns
We're 104 miles from Chicago. We have a full tank of gas, a half pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sun glasses. -- Blues Brothers
We're a funded Linux company now, and we'll be able to do some things that we couldn't do before, like buy beer. -- TurboLinux marketing VP Lonn Johnston
We're all bozos on this bus.
We're all fucked. It helps to remember that. -- George Carlin
We're ALL IN FAVOR of progress, providing we can have it without change. -- Morrie Brickman
We're all in this alone. -- Lily Tomlin
We're all over it, like a cheap suit.
We're all swimming in the same boat.
We're as similar as two dissimilar things in a pod.
We're conditioned to assume that suffering is bad. It's not. -- Slacker
We're from the law firm of Mann, Dewey, Cheatham, and Howe.
We're giving people a door out of the roach motel. -- Scott McNealy (President and CEO, Sun Microsystems; talking of Java's potential to break up Microsoft's monopoly, as quoted in Financial World)
We're going to have the best-educated American people in the world. -- Senator Dan Quayle
We're going to mine our own business. -- Nelson Mandela
We're going to use prototypes?!? Oh. My. God! -- Josh Pritikin
We're gonna get a bigger boat, right? -- Jaws
We're gonna Jennifer Lynch you, which means of course cut off your limbs and stuff you in a box. -- John Dobbin
We're having an adventure, just like the Goonies! -- MST3K
We're in New York! You can spew anywhere - no one will notice.
We're in such a hurry most of the time we never get much chance to talk. The result is a kind of endless day-to-day shallowness, a monotony that leaves a person wondering years later where all the time went and sorry that it's all gone. -- Robert M. Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
We're in the butt-kicking business... and business is good. -- Charles Barkley
We're in the land of the blind, selling working eyeballs, and they balk at the choice of color.
We're kick'n some ASCII now
We're kind of like the Simpsons on crack. -- Axl Rose
We're lost, but we're making good time.
We're making progress. Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
We're men. Make fire. -- Friends
We're more of the love, blood and rhetoric school... We can do you blood and love without the rhetoric, and we can do you blood and rhetoric without the love, and we can do you all three concurrent or consecutive, but I can't give you love and rhetoric without the blood. Blood is compulsory. -- Tom Stoppard
We're not building missles to fight a war. We're building missle to preserve the peace. -- Ronald Reagan
We're not here to be happy. We're here to ruin ourselves, to break our hearts, to love the wrong people, and to die. -- Moonstruck
We're not just doing this for money... We're doing it for a SHIT LOAD of money! -- Spaceballs
We're not odd, just over expressive! -- Helena Bonham Carter (Howards End)
We're not Prince Charles and Princess Di. We don't think of ourselves as royalty. We happen to be working people. -- Christie Brinkley
We're not the ones who built the nuclear bombs that threaten our lives. -- Offspring
We're not worthy! We're not worthy! -- Wayne's World
We're off like a prom dress
We're off to see the wizard....
We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha. -- Shriekback/Big Night Music
We're only in it for the volume. -- Black Sabbath
We're outta the dark; we're outta the woods; we're outta the niiiiiight...! -- Wizard of Oz
We're people just like you who happen to be huge and muscle-bound and own a truck. -- Mambo Movers slogan
We're ready to believe you. -- Ghostbusters
we're satanic hippies. we drink human blood and make scrifices, but we _always_ recycle. -- Ken Nagle
We're seeing a new era of McCarthyism in politics--Charlie McCarthyism. We have political dummies whose lips are moving but they're not saying anything.
We're selling more than a cracker here, We're selling the salty, unctuous illusion of happiness. -- The Onion
We're sitting on a time bomb, and it's about to blow up in our faces! -- Honolulu City Councilmember
We're sorry, but the reality you have dialed is no longer in service. Please check the value of Pi, or pray to your local deity for assistance.
We're staying together for the sake of the cats. -- Bumper sticker
We're sugar and spice and everything nice. So bite me. -- Rosanne Arnold
We're superheroes, man! We don't have time to be charming! The boots of evil were made for walking. We're watching the big picture, friend. We know the score. We are a public service, not glamour boys! Not captains of industry! Not makers of things! Keep your vulgar moneys. We are a justice sandwich, no toppings necessary! Living rooms of America, do you catch my drift? Do you... dig? -- The Tick
We're supposed to be $&*%#@ professionals!! -- Reservoir Dogs
We're talking about a religious experience here. I might say 'doth' or 'thou' or a lot of things. -- Grand Canyon
We're the Beavis and Butthead of the STA coding world. "Hey Butthead, look at this class." "Uh, huh, huh-huh, uh, huh-huh, this sssucks. Let's change it." -- Sean Simmons
We're the Dobbinians, and our sacred animal is the goldfish. -- John Dobbin
We're the smartest monkeys. -- XTC
We're the US government. We don't DO that sort of thing. -- Sneakers
We're thinking about upgrading from SunOS 4.1.1 to SunOS 3.5. -- Henry Spencer
We're through being cool. Eliminate the ninnies and the twits. -- Devo
We're trying to get the President to Miss Jones' apartment for his next, um... <ahem>... cabinet meeting. -- Top 5
We're very sorry, Mister Schroedinger, but the cat refuses to go in the box.
We're young, rich, and full of sugar. What do we do? -- Bart Simpson
We've all heard of "irrational exuberance," but there's also such a thing as irrational pessimism. There will be a shakeout, and a lot of good companies will go by the wayside. But don't expect to see Bill Gates standing by I-5 shaking a tin cup and wearing a sign reading "will dominate the world for food" any time soon. -- Dana Blankenhorn
We've all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare ... Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this isn't true.
We've been hung out to dry. -- Megadeth
We've been through so much together. And most of it was your fault.
We've bought a lot of small companies, and I'd say that's been vital to us. These are companies that on their own probably wouldn't have made it, but when their abilities are combined with ours, both of us were able to create a much better set of products than we could've otherwise. -- Bill Gates
We've given the word mob a bad name. -- the Simpsons
We've got $70 and a pair of girls' underpants. We're safe as kittens. -- 16 Candles
We've got a thousand points of light for the homeless man. We've got a kinder, gentler machine gun hand. -- Neil Young
We've got a tuba. People don't get to see tubas too much. We've got one. -- John Linnell
We've got people looking seriously at adopting Communicator as an institutional standard, but I'm looking for something that works well instead. -- David Gutierrez (comp.mail.imap)
We've got them eating out of our laps.
We've got too much beer. -- Tony Podrasky
We've had a lot of events lately. The cleaning bills will kill you. -- Velma Seats (Kentucky Ku Klux Klan leader and grandmother, asked by a New Yorker writer why she wasn't wearing her robe)
We've looked at clouds from ten sides now, and we really don't know about clouds at all.
We've sustainably driven them away. I don't know why you don't invite me over more often. -- Rohit Khare
Wealth buys leisure, but not wisdom.
Wean Hall is being converted into a really big Eat & Park. -- Corey Kosak
Weaned on nighttime soaps and The Bonfire of the Vanities, it makes sense that new media youngsters would try to squeeze a novel or a book out of what they do for a living. But any book that relies solely on an employment milieu for mass appeal had better be set in a brothel, because despite all our talk of reach-arounds and prostituting ourselves, there is nothing inherently sexy about going to work. -- Suck
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles. What do we live for if not to make the world less difficult for each other? -- George Eliot
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
Wearing a sweatshirt inside-out is deemed a "threatening misdemeanor" in Half-Moon Bay.
Weasel Nostrils is a good name for a rock band. -- Dave Barry
Weasel, n.: It blows at noon.
Weather is like racism: humidity overpowers heat like stupidity overpowers hate.
Web designers doing weblogs is kind of like the old joke about student film makers: they tend produce films about being a student film maker, filled with struggling actors playing struggling actors and frustrated writers playing frustrated writers. -- Matthew Haughey
Web people don't care about your dumb design. -- John Schmitz
Web searching is fucking defective. Why? All roads lead to Porn. -- Robert Rodgers
Web/db connectivity was a sort of interesting problem in 1994 when everyone was using CGI (see the database interfacing chapter of Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing). It became a completely uninteresting problem after it was solved in 1995 by AOLs erver (then called NaviServer), whose connection pooling scheme and interpreted language API improved performance by roughly a factor of 100 over CGI. The irrelevance of even this level of performance gain is illustrated amply by the fact that Amazon.com ignored the connection innovations, continued to use CGI, and cried all the way to a $25 billion market capitalization. -- Philip Greenspun
WEBER'S DEFINITION: An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows nothing.
Wed in haste, repent in leisure.
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
Wedding Ring, n.: A one-man band.
Wedding toast: To Honor! To get Honor! To STAY Honor!
Weekend, where are you?
Weekends are a bit like rainbows; they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them. -- John Shirley
Weiler's Law: Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
WEINBERG'S FIRST LAW: Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
Weinberg's Principle: An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Weinberg's Second Law: If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
Weiner's Law of Libraries: There are no answers, only cross references.
WEINER'S LAW OF LIBRARIES: There are no answers, only cross-references.
Welcome thy neighbor to thy fallout shelter. He'll come in handy if you run out of food. -- Dean McLaughlin
Welcome to Death Valley Days. The driver is either missing or he's dead. -- Ronald Reagan
Welcome to hell. My name is Bill and here's your new computer.
Welcome to L.A. Some assembly required.
Welcome to New Zealand, set your watch back 20 years.
Welcome to PacBell, where carrier pigeons are an integral part of ISDN...
Welcome to President Bush, Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts. -- Dan Quayle (Addressing the anniversary of the moon landing)
Welcome to reality, where the only guarantees come from within. -- Adam Rifkin
welcome to shadowscene, the land of the dark and stupid. so dark, even our ideas appear as black lights... or something like that. and the bounds of our stupidity is only matched by the length of that goddamn ... thread. -- Steve Archer
Welcome to Texas, now go home.
Welcome to the Age of Un-Innocence. The glittering lights of Manhattan that served as backdrops for Edith Wharton's bodice-heaving trysts are still glowing -- but the stage is empty. No one has breakfast at Tiffany's, and no one has affairs to remember -- instead, we have breakfast at seven A.M. and affairs we try to forget as quickly as possible. -- Candace Bushnell
Welcome to the Babbage's of Infinite Delights. I am the proprietor of this establishment. My name is Lo Pan. We have wonders from all four corners of the globe. Everything you seek is here. But be warned...that which you desire most, comes with a most horrible price... You seek a Legend of Zelda cartridge. We do indeed carry such an item... but it carries a terrrrible curse.... -- Mark Argent
Welcome to the Future It's just starting now ...
Welcome to the hip new Unix trend: unbundling the compiler! Sure, we'll ship you the runtime shared library objects, but the compiler and linkable library and the include files will COST YOU DEARLY! If it weren't for gcc (okay, apparently not on Clarknet) then Unix would be rapidly joining every other major OS in the THINGS THAT SUCK category for deciding that being able to WRITE CODE is some sort of OPTIONAL ACTIVITY. I think I'll start a CAR COMPANY that will sell you the SERVICE MANUAL and the HOOD RELEASE LATCH as a DEVELOPER OPTION for $1395. -- Nathan Loofbourrow
Welcome to the jungle. Please obey our laws.
Welcome to The Machine.
Welcome to the Maxi pad. -- Reality Bites
Welcome to the next stage in human de-volution.
Welcome. Today will be one hell of a week.
Well adjusted: being able to make the same mistake over and over and over and over without getting upset. -- Brian Trotter
Well begun is half done. -- Aristotle
Well cut me off the at the knees and call me a tripod!
Well done is better than well said. -- Benjamin Franklin
Well hello, Mr. Fancy Pants. Listen, pal, the way I see it you ain't leading but two things now...Jack and Shit, and Jack left town. -- Army of Darkness
Well I don't know what a core leak is, but... -- unknown poster on comp.sys.mac.system
Well I don't know, but I've been told, you never slow down, you never grow old. -- Tom Petty
Well I know where she come from but I don't know what's her name
Well I've often seen a cat without a grin, but a grin without a cat
Well it was about this time the Ol' Duke Boys... -- MST3K
Well it's an unusual defensive move, but there *is* no rule which specifically prohibits defecating on third base. -- Top 5
Well little girl and what will you do dear when you are as big as your mother? "Diet!"
Well the devil she must be a dentist, with deep jawbreaker eyes. Red rope hair, gum drop lips, cotton candy thighs... -- Presidents of the USA
Well why don't you call the Internet and ask their techincal support personnel for help? -- AOL tech support person
Well you see, they drove some tanks into a no-fly zone. You know, special Iraqi flying tanks. -- Robert Harley
Well, 9 is practically a zillion in the grand scheme of things. -- Adam Rixey
Well, after our 1-week hiatus, we're back tonight with our usual mix of cutting-edge elctro music and wonky suburban restaurant decor. -- Tony Tribby
well, Angsty the wonder squid has decided to go buy a Java book, drink some peach tea, and go home to paint 'til he passes out. -- Vince Farquharson
Well, aren't you a saucy sack of estrogen? -- Emo Phillips
Well, at least you are doing recreational activities. If I had people around that I could sail with, or raft with, or take to a reunion as my lesbian date, I probably wouldn't spend as much time watching movies either. -- Richard Goodman
Well, Beavis, it just goes to show, you can't polish a turd. -- Butt-head
Well, C is like BASIC with Pascal laid over it. -- Matt Sorrels
Well, come ON. You're in CA, you know how to TURN ON a computer, are you going to go work for the freakin' DMV? No, you're going to go work for some STARTUP and make a couple billion dollars and whine about how those jerks at the DMV can't get their systems computerized properly. -- Rob Earhart
Well, cover me with eggs and flour and bake me for 14 minutes. -- Blackadder IV
Well, enough clowning around. Perl is, in intent, a cleaned up and summarized version of that wonderful semi-natural language known as "Unix". -- Larry Wall
Well, he's not psycho or addicted to anything, he's got a job, and he's doing the school thing; this is a step up for me. -- Bekka Altes
Well, I believe in the soul. The cock. The pussy. The small of a woman's back. The hanging curve ball. High fiber. Good scotch. That the novels of Susan Sontag are self-indulgent over rated crap. I believe Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone. I believe there oughta be a Constitutional Amendment outlawing astroturf and the designated hitter. I believe in the sweet spot, soft core pornography, opening your presents Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve. And I believe in long slow deep soft wet kisses that last three days. -- Crash Davis (Bull Durham)
Well, I bet she's pretty cute... once you clean all the shit off her. -- Dazed and Confused
Well, I couldn't figure out this subtraction problem, so I put Atlanta, Georgia
Well, I did a backup three weeks ago...
Well, I don't feel much like walking. I think I'll get a cab. (Me too.) GREAT! -- When Harry Met Sally
Well, I don't know; SQL can suck pretty effectively. -- Doug DeJulio
Well, I gotta get going now. I just got back from working out and now it is time to take a little nap. Isn't college life great?! -- Jennifer Rifkin
well, I have to rule out stuff like "stalks me after sleeping with him" or "boils my pets" or "puts chewed up carrots in my most private places" because I simply don't have access to any sample data. -- Adam Rixey
Well, I know from experience that if you have to ask for something more than once or twice, it wasn't yours in the first place. -- Madonna
Well, I looked at my options, and I saw that my option was chocolate chip cookies. -- Debbie Fields
Well, I promised I wouldn't do anything stupid, so now you have to do the same. Of course, what's stupid for me seems to be the oppisite of what's stupid for you. -- Sam Kass
Well, I saw Hackers last night.... It was flashy, gorgeous, stylish, and appallingly dumb - much like many people I know. -- Nikki Gustas
Well, I think that everything is happening all the time, and the only reason why we think of time linearly is because we are conditioned to do it. -- Frank Zappa
Well, I usually claim all the unattributed quotes in my collection as mine (hey, I went through the work of collecting and maintaining them, right?) but in this case I'll just tell you: I don't know. -- Bruce Sherrod
Well, I woke up this morning and I got myself a beer. The future's uncertain and the end is always near. -- the Doors
Well, I'll write this down, just to confuse you.. I think I just confused me, too. -- Prof. Yakir
Well, I'm nearly 2/3 of the way through the first half of the first half of question one of the midterm. -- Robert Harley
Well, I'm not getting anything out of this, let's pop over to Megan's funny sayings file and see what's in there right now. -- John Dobbin
Well, I'm off to bed, where I intend to sleep until my name changes to Rip Van Adder. -- Blackadder
Well, I'm PROUD that the PC community will be able to play FAST GAMES on their machines through the GENIUS of the GAME DEVELOPMENT community. I'll be sure to THINK OF THEM while I'm performing SCIENTIFIC VISUALIZATION of ARBITRARY 3D DATASETS in REAL TIME. -- Nathan Loofbourrow
Well, I've been getting between 3 and 5 hours of sleep a night for slightly over a week, and it's going to catch up with me eventually -- I figure, about 20 minutes. -- Pomona Valero
Well, I've been in the city for twenty years now, and I have to admit... I'm lost.
Well, I've wrestled with reality for 35 years, Doctor, and I'm happy to state I finally won out over it. -- James Stewart (Harvey)
Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they? -- George Carlin
well, if those Real World apps need to write year-2000 compliant software, it looks like they're going to have to make the supreme sacrifice and actually use a different class to get the date. i expect that this will be a big blow to the industry. expect Sun's stock to plummet. -- Andrew Stellman
Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what CAN you believe?! -- Bullwinkle J. Moose [Jay Ward]
Well, it has Mosaic and Mac in the title. I think that means it sucks. -- Bruce Sherrod
Well, it looks like the excrement has hit the rotating oscillator. -- Faisal Premji
Well, it may be all right in practice, but it will never work in theory. -- Warren Buffett (On how the academic community regards his investment approach)
Well, it puts a bad day in perspective. -- Calvin
Well, it's not recursive, it's just, umm, calling itself... -- Craig Creado's manager
well, it's probably my shining personality, combined with my pleasant breath and body odor. -- Andrew Stellman
Well, Junior, the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away...
Well, like most members of America's cultural elite, I worship PAN, THE GOAT GOD!, but thanks for the thought. -- Duke Phillips (The Critic)
Well, off to see Hamlet. I should have brought one of those doughnut-shaped pillows! -- Megan Coughlin
Well, on the one hand I feel as though I might be perilously close to encouraging the birth of some kind of cult of personality or something. On the other hand, I'm a shameless ego-whore, so... sure. -- Dan Martinez
Well, once again my friend, we find that science is a two-headed beast. One head is nice. It gives us aspirin and other modern conveniences. But the other head of science is bad! Oh, beware the other head of science, Arthur. It bites! -- The Tick
Well, pluck me naked as a scalded chicken!
Well, pluck me naked as a scalded chicken
Well, Satan is in *deep* shit. -- Stone (Split Second)
Well, some people think it means, my name is Dick, and you can touch me... but I think you can look at it both ways. -- Singles
Well, stap me, I seem to have come out without my duck.
Well, the first 98% of the project takes the first 98% of the time. The other 2% of the project takes the other 98% of the time. -- Creed Erickson
Well, the first thing you know old Jed's a millionaire, the kinfolk said: Jed move away from there. They said California is the place they oughta be, so they packed up the truck and they moved to Beverly. Hills that is.
Well, the purple is good, now if I could just find a way to get some orange in there. Then it hit me... "Hey, maybe I could have little orange balls floating in it like that really cool Orbitz drink." Then I came to my senses and remembered how sickening that product looks. -- John Dobbin
Well, the real question is when is Karen going to get the Mattel tattoo on her butt? -- Jeff Magnuson
Well, there was the process of sitting around and wishing I had more computer stuff. -- Dilbert
Well, there's the President of the United States. He can be contacted at: kibo@world.std.com -- Andrew Bulhak
Well, there's the problem right there. They should be investing in forward thinking technologies like the web, which being forward looking, doesn't look back, and turned out to be implemented atop a protocol that made every mistake and wrong decision that the very earliest versions of NFS made and corrected with experience. -- Robert Rodgers
Well, there's the usual things: flowers, chocolates, promises you don't intend to keep... -- Beauty and the Beast
Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement I kind of lost track myself. -- Dirty Harry
Well, way back last semester, some one claiming to be a vampire said that his species was first generated by someone drinking the blood of a dragon. Let me just say right now that this does not work. I've seen many humans try it over the years and none of them became a vampire. The only result they achieved was an angry dragon. And an angry dragon is not something you want to see (or so the survivors told me as they apologized). I refuse to claim to be a vampire and I refuse to understand why any human should want to do so. It is useless. -- Ken Lipka
Well, we're always on the lookout for enormous boons. -- Stephen Fry
Well, we're runnings out of ZIP codes and phone numbers. I wonder if we'll ever run out of dot coms?
Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some higher meaning to all this. It would certainly reflect well on you. -- Mouse (Ladyhawke)
Well, well, Mister Anderson. We meet at last. You'll notice that I'm wearing my sunglasses indoors. In the normal world, this would make me look stupid. But because this *is* after all a sci-fi action thriller, they serve to make me appear menacing. -- Agent Smith (cr0bar's The Matrix)
Well, while you're sitting there, why don't you think me up a cup of coffee and one of those chocolate donuts with sprinkles... -- The Fugitive
Well, whoever Keyzer Soze is, I can tell you he's going to get gloriously drunk tonight. -- Kevin Spacey
Well, yeah. That's just iCandy. -- Dan Martinez
Well, you could try sending her a box of tiny condiments you could swipe from various fast food restaurants... it's cheap, creative, and says "I care"... -- Adam Rifkin
Well, you know, the snobs list is very selective. After all, you have to ask me to be on the list. -- Richard Bullington
Well-known saying : 'First thing we do is to shoot all the lawyers.' Have you noticed how many Gun Control Bills there are these days...?
Well-timed silence has more eloquence than speech.
Well... everybody's being very careful, these days, sexually, but there are still several pockets of promiscuity... the Marines and the Evangelists. -- Mark Russell
Well...my cray is in the shop.
Wer niemals einen Rausch gehabt, der ist kein braver Mann!
Were it left for me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate amoment to prefer the latter. -- Thomas Jefferson
Were there no God we would be in this glorious world with grateful hearts and no one to thank. -- Christina Rossetti
Were we to be directed from Washington when to sow and when to reap we should soon want bread. -- Thomas Jefferson
Were you like raised in a satanic cult or something? She wishes. -- My So-Called Life
Werewolves do it doggie-style.
Wernher von Braun settled for a V2 when he coulda had a V8.
Wesley Crusher, please report to airlock 5
Wesley's temper tantrum: I want a new universe for Xmas
Wet ducks never fly at night. -- Dick Martin
Wet manure is slippery.
Wethern's Law: Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
Weyland--Yutani : We Build Better Worlds
Wh* sh**ld y** h*v* t** pl**s* M*n*? -- R*b*rt H*rl*y
Whadda ya mean, we?
Whadda ya want for nothin'? Rubber biscuit?
Whaddya mean CAN BE? Mine certainly is. In fact I'm on my way to hold up a bank with it... -- Robert Harley
Whaddya mean you don't STAPLE diskette labels on?
Whales are mammals. Mammals have hair. Shave the whales!
Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?
What a beautiful day
What a bunch of maroons! -- Bugs Bunny
What a bundle of laughs.
What a combination: IQ of a PhD, intelligence of a mentally retarded termite.
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult. -- Sigmund Freud
What a frickin' idiot. -- Jessica Marrell
What a friend we have in cheeses.
What a glorious way of spending an evening
What a judicious choice /* was for delimiting comments. return *p/*q; -- Unix-Haters Handbook
What a lame excuse!!! I'm engaged too you know! I can still make time for my friends though!!!! -- Michelle Gardner
What a long, strange trip it's been
What a long, strange trip it's been. -- Grateful Dead (Truckin')
What a man misses most in heaven is company. -- Mark Twain
What a shame that the only way to get to heaven is in a hearse.
What a spelunker artist. Cave, cave, cave.
What a strange illusion it is to suppose that beauty is goodness. -- Leo Tolstoy
What a struggle for one clear moment of awareness: shaft of sunlight, touch of grace. -- Sy Safransky (The Sun, December 1993)
What a success today has been.
What a testament to somebody. A bleedin' WWW page. What happened to engraved stones, 21-gun salutes etc.? -- Robert Harley
What a truly copacetic piece of machinery! -- Kryten; Red Dwarf
What a wack-o. She's on a one-way train to Nutville. -- Howard Stern
What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is. -- Vice President Dan Quayle
What a weenie name, Firehawk - you need a cool name like "Great Pre-Historic Bird Rodin" -- Ben Peal
What about friends, they're defective, all the parts are out of stock. -- Meat Loaf
What about Rimmers directive? Never fight anything with more teeth than the entire Osmond family. -- Polymorph
What about Scarecrow's brain? -- Wizard of Oz
What about that abortion doctor killed by pro-life activists? In their own terminolgy, they aborted a fetus in the 200th trimester! -- Dennis Miller
What am I, pork liver? -- Thanh Boyer
What are Bach, Beethoven, and Brahams doing right now? De-composing.
What are kwashiorkor and chuckwalla? They're in /usr/dict/words. -- Robert Harley
What are Preparation A thru Preparation G?
What ARE the Goodwill Games? People running around in old clothes? -- Jay Leno
What are the most immediate threats to the world environment now? Uh, litter. Forest fires. Bugs? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
What are two of the worst things we commonly teach our children? That a knowledge of science is nice but not necessary, and a knowledge of sex is necessary but not nice. -- Marilyn Vos Savant
What are we in life if we don't give ourselves room to kid, as adults? -- Adam Rifkin
What are words for? When no one listens, it's no use talking at all. -- Missing Persons
What are you doing with your cigars? I think we may need to talk about this. -- John Dobbin
What are you gonna do? Bleed on me?
What Are You Looking For? Nothing's Here
What are you oozing about? -- Heathers
What begins with come here and ends with ow? -- Blackadder IV
What bereaved people need is a little comic relief, and that is why funerals are so farcical. -- George Bernard Shaw
What can be more significant than a film about the death of culture in this country? -- Mary Jean Speare (in a letter-to-the-editor in TV GUIDE, commenting on the exclusion of "Mr. Holland's Opus" from a discussion of "important movies")
What can possibly go wrong?
What can you do at 3 AM? Psssttt - got a modem??
What CAN you get a nudist for Christmas?
What can you say about a society that says God is dead and Elvis is alive. -- Irv Kupcinet
What can you say about a society that says God is dead and Elvis is alive? -- Irv Kupcinet
What care I how time advances: I am drinking ale today. -- Edgar Allen Poe
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
What comes out of the penis first at the time of orgasm? The wrinkles.
What could be better than caffeine and sugar combined in a hot liquid package? A package of caffeine, sugar, salt and grease that's what. But until I can find a chocolate-bacon-burger mocha, I'll just have to get my salt and grease elsewhere. -- Greg Titus (Omni Development)
What could be serious with men? What I really wanna do is to date a lot of pigs. Tell 'em to line up outside... and bring lots of emeralds. -- Judy Tenuta
What defines genius? Cultural historians, or even your average click-theorist, would turn to the tried and true examples: Joyce and his linguistic inventiveness; Einstein and his otherworldly insight; Rancid and their purity of expression. -- Suck
What did Adam say to Eve? You'd better stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets.
What did Dan Quayle get on his IQ test? Drool.
What did God say after creating man? "I can do better than that!"
What did I ever do to deserve such disrespect? -- Don Vito Corleone
What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas ? A Dan Quayle watch
What did one alligator say to the other? For a cheap airline, the food ain't so bad.
What did one Deadhead say to another when they ran out of acid? This music stinks!
What did the bookkeeper say to the subbookkeeper?
What did the snail say when he rode on the turtle's back? WHEEEEEEEEEE!
What did the Zen Master say to the hotdog vendor? "Make me one with everything."
WHAT DID YOU SAY KMFDM STOOD FOR AGAIN PUNK? -- Vijay Gill
What do batteries run on?
What do I have to do to get on the front page of the New York Times? -- Rohit Khare
What do I owe you, or do you owe me more? A better deal than this there's never been before. I must appear a mess to have to write a song about you. -- Rheostatics
What do Lifesavers do that a man can't? Come in eight flavors.
What do little birdies see, when they get knocked unconscious?
What do say, for instance, about a generation that has been taught that rain is poison and sex is death? -- Hunter S. Thompson
What do shareware authors and PBS have in common? They both interrupt their programs asking for money!
What do the lemmings know that we don't?
What do they call a coffee break at the Lipton Tea Co?
What do they think I am, an engineer? -- Calvin
What do tornadoes and marriage have in common? When it's over, your house is gone.
What do violists use for birth control? Their personalities.
What do you call 1,000 lawyers parachuting out of a plane? Skeet.
What do you call a blind doe? "I have no eye" deer.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.
What do you call a female midget who's nice and gives head? Short, sweet, and to the point!
What do you call a fish with three eyes? Fiiish.
What do you call a politician who has lost an election? A consultant.
What do you call a teddy bear with an injection needle sticking out of his head? A furry with a syringe on top.
What do you call an African stimulant? A pygmy-up.
What do you call someone who hangs around a bunch of musicians? A drummer.
What do you call the extra skin around a penis? A man.
What do you care what other people think? -- Richard Feynman
What do you despise? By this you are truly known. -- Paul Maud'Dib (Dune)
What do you do at a red light? Put on makeup.
What do you do for an encore? Anal rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gastank? -- Clerks
What do you do to waste your time lately? And when can I plan on you wasting some of mine?
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?
What do you do with a bachelor who thinks he's God's gift? Exchange him.
What do you ge a man who has everything? A shot of penecillin.
What do you get when a lawn mower runs over a canary? Shredded tweet.
What do you get when you cross a black, a woman, a gay, a Jew, and a Hispanic? A Republican joke book.
What do you get when you cross a crooked politician with a crooked lawyer? Chelsea...
What do you get when you cross a tsetse with a mountain climber? Nothing, you can't cross a vector with a scalar.
What do you get when you cross a vibrator with an anteater? An armadildo.
What do you get when you cross a zebra with an ape man for all eternity? Tarzan Stripes Forever.
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, an insomniac and a dyslexic? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
What do you get when you cross lee iacocca and dracula? autoexec.bat
What do you give a seasick elephant? Lots of room.
What do you like for breakfast? (Pick up line)
What do you mean you formated the cat??
What do you mean? An African or European swallow?
What do you think about being lonely the whole life?
What do you think about the ozone layer? Oh, we gotta get rid of that. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
What do you want me to do, dress up in drag and do the hula? -- The Lion King
What do you with an elephant with three balls? Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
What Dobbin seems to be forgetting is that a day without Dobbin would be like a day without crass isolationism. -- John Dobbin's automated insulter
What documentation was actually written - the infamous Unix man pages - was really nothing more than a collection of reminders for people who already knew what they were doing. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
What does "FTP" stand for? F*(# This Place! -- Kaveh Farshchi
What does "it" refer to in the sentence "what time is it"?
What does a sorority girl put behind her ears to make her more attractive? Her ankles.
What does concupiscence mean? -- Threesome
What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of a plane?
What does ISDN stand for, anyway? It Still Does Nothing. -- James A. Gaskin
What does it look like? Two coffees, or a hot dog. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
What does it profit a man to gain the whole world, yet lose his own soul? -- Mark 8:36
What does not kill us makes us stronger. -- Jean Saypah
What does the Rifkin cerebrum look like with a side of hash browns and a rasher of bacon? -- Rohit Khare
What dreadful hot weather we have! It keeps me in a continual state of inelegance. -- Jane Austen (letters to her sister Cassandra, September 18, 1796)
What else can I be? All apologies. -- Nirvana
What else can you do at 3:00am?
What ever happened to country songs about whiskey drinkin and butt kickin? -- Beavis
What food processors do to food, word processors do to words.
What fools these mortals be. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so. -- Yogi Berra
What glorious misery love! -- James Cook
What goes around usually gets dizzy and falls over.
What goes in dry, comes out wet, and gives warm satisfaction? A teabag.
What goes must not be followed and what comes must not be avoided? -- Japanese proverb
What goes siss boom bah? An exploding sheep.
What goes up but never comes down? Age.
What goes up has probably been doused with petrol.
What good is a Bill of Rights that does not include the right to play, to wander, to explore, the right to stillness and solitude, to discovery and physical freedom? -- Edward Abbey
What good is a ticket to the good life if you cannot find the entrance?
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
What good is having someone who can walk on water if you don't follow in his footsteps?
What Groening has always hated is mediocrity, whether it's lousy rock and roll or so-so romantic relationships; to him, being subjected to mediocrity is what a life in hell means. -- Ken Tucker
What hallucinations?
What happened to I'm through with men... you know, the whole penis embargo? -- Friends
What happened to my tagline?
What happened when wheel was invented? It caused a revolution.
What happens if I decrement the user count? (scream in the distance)
What happens if you are at the wrong place at the RIGHT time?
What happens if you wear an 18-hour bra for 20 hours?
What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone?
What happens to your fist when you open your hand? -- Zen Buddhism
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an indestructible object? -- Baked Potatoes
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
What has 40 teeth and holds back a gigantic monster? MY ZIPPER!
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.
What has four legs and one arm? A happy pit bull.
What has posterity ever done for me?
What has two legs and bleeds? Half a dog.
What I am is what I am. Are you what you are or what? -- Edie Brickell
What I don't see is what I don't do. -- Thanh Boyer
What I like best is a book that's at least funny once in a while... what really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though. -- J.D. Salinger (The Catcher in the Rye)
What I really want to do with my life... what I want to do for a living... is I want to be with your daughter. I'm good at it. -- Say Anything
What I tell you three times is true.
What I used to able to pass off as another bad summer could now potentially turn into a bad life. -- Max (Kicking & Screaming)
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
What I wanted to be when I grew up was - in charge. -- Brigadier General Wilma Vaught
What I would like for my birthday is for some sun and someone to decide on what I am going to do for the rest of my life. -- Jennifer Rifkin
What I would not give for a sock filled with manure. -- Woody Allen
What I'd really like to do is direct. -- The Billboard (LA Story)
What I'm saying is... and this is not a come-on in any way, shape, or form... is that men and women can't be friends because the sex part always gets in the way. -- When Harry Met Sally
What I'm trying to communicate is that I'm willing to do nudity at no extra charge. -- Newsradio
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet. -- Woody Allen
What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream? Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists? -- Woody Allen
What if there were no hypothetical situations?
What if you were extraordinary at nothing except being yourself? -- Adam Rifkin
What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients. Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention, and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it. -- Nobel laureate economist Herbert Simon
What is 1-Up? 2-Up through 6-Up?
What is a "free" gift ? Aren't all gifts free?
What IS a 'moderate Iranian', anyway? Someone who takes hostages but doesn't eat them? -- Mark Russell
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary. -- Richard Harkness (The New York Times, 1960)
What is a date, really, but a job interview that lasts all night? The only difference between a date and a job interview is that in not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it. -- Jerry Seinfeld
What IS a figment, anyway?
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies. -- Aristotle
What is a good Christian to say except that radical feminism is the work of Satan. -- Andy Byler
What is a magician but a practising theorist? -- Obi-Wan Kenobi
What is a man's idea of helping with the housework? Lifting his legs so you can vacuum.
What is a mistress? It's someone that fits between a mister and a mattress.
What is a tizzy and how do you get into one?
What is an adult? A child blown up by age. -- Simone de Beauvoir
What is done well is done quickly enough. -- Augustus Caesar
What is electricity, and where does it go when it leaves the toaster? -- Dave Barry
What is food to one, is to others bitter poison. -- Lucretius
What is history but a fable agreed upon? -- Napoleon Bonaparte
What is it about a beautiful sunny afternoon, with the birds singing and the wind rustling through the leaves, that makes you want to get drunk? And after you're real drunk, maybe go down to the public park and stagger around and ask people for money, and then lay down and go to sleep. -- Jack Handey
What is it that no man ever saw - which never was but always will be? Tomorrow.
What is it when a man talks nasty to a woman? Sexual harassment. What is it when a woman talks nasty to a man? $3.99 a minute.
What is Life? It's the cereal Mikey likes.
What is meant by the circle and squares is that the sound is like a curve. -- Shannon Cotterell
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind. What's the difference? It's immaterial. -- Barry Fetter
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind. -- Thomas Hewett Key (1832)
What is missing from the net is a clapometer which is basically why people still meet. -- Tim Berners-Lee
What is Rodeo Sex? Well, it's where your lady friend is on all fours, you are firmly ensconced from the rear with a breast in each hand, and you say to her, "This is the way your sister likes it too." You have eight seconds to stay in the saddle.
What is Snow White's favorite drink? Seven up.
What is so fun about a tinysized candybar?
What is the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
What is the area between the vagina and the anus called? A chin rest.
What is the avg. air speed of an un-laden swallow?
What is the biggest problem for an atheist? No one to talk to during orgasm.
What is the Constitution, if not a giant ad for liberty? -- Newsradio
What is the definition of wicker box? It's what Elmer Fudd wants to do to Madonna.
What is the difference between a drunk and an alcoholic? A drunk doesn't have to go to those damn meetings!
What is the difference between a duck?
What is the difference between a Harley Davidson motorcycle and a Hoover vacuum cleaner? The location of the dirtbag.
What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector? The taxidermist takes only your skin. -- Mark Twain
What is the difference between a used rubber tire and 365 used condoms? One is a Goodyear, the other one is a great year.
What is the difference between an accordion and a trampoline? You take off your shoes before jumping on the trampoline.
What is the difference between an onion and an oboe? When you chop up an oboe, nobody cries.
What is the difference between E.T. and a man? E.T. phoned home.
What is the difference between government bonds and men? Government bonds mature.
What is the difference between Oooh! and Aaah!? About three inches.
What is the key to the Universe? Well, there's good news and bad news. The bad news is there is no key. The good news is, the universe is unlocked. -- Keymasters
What is the point of the magician? He comes on, he fools you, you feel stupid, show'd over... it's like, "Here's a quarter. Now it's gone. You're a jerk." -- Jerry Seinfeld
What is the sound of Perl? Is it not the sound of a wall that people have stopped banging their heads against? -- Larry Wall
What is the speed of dark?
What is the use of running when we are not on the right road? -- German proverb
What is the white man's greatest contribution to the world? Blondes. -- Adam Rifkin
What is the wind-chill at absolute-zero with a 60 mph wind?
What is the world to a man who's wife is a widow.
What is there more of in the world than anything else? Ends. -- Carl Sandburg (The People, Yes)
What is there to complain about?
What is this affection for using "female" as a noun? -- Robert Harley
What IS this music? -- Jerry Maguire (on Miles Davis and John Coltrane, Stockholm 1963, engaging in the only TRUE American art form: jazz, no barriers, no boundaries)
What is this thing called, love?
What is this world coming to when you can't even decide to bail out on mainstream culture without it following you and co-opting your rebelious style? -- Mycroft
What is truth anyway? Just accepted lies. -- John Dobbin
What is truth? I don't know and I'm sorry I brought it up. -- Edward Abbey
What is understood doesn't need to be discussed. -- Loren Adams
What is waiting to be born is a psychedelic ethic, a moral vision that could be a counterweight to the Fundamentalist vision and the Existentialist vision, both of which are observed to be inadequate. Ethics on the basis of symbiosis with the natural environment. -- Terence McKenna
What is worth doing is worth doing for money.
What is worth doing is worth overdoing.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
What is wrong with our safety net is that too many people are using it as a hammock. -- Rush Limbaugh
What is your damage? -- Heathers
What is your glitch? -- Reality Bites
What is your Name? What is your Quest? What is your favorite color?
What it boils down to is we chose plan A over plan Be. -- Dr. Gil Amelio (on the purchase of NeXT instead of the much-rumored plans to purchase Be)
What kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself. -- Abraham Lincoln
What kind of a relationship do you see us having, considering you have your foot so far up my leg that you can count the change in my pocket? -- Friends
What kind of candy bar is spunow? -- Robert Harley
What kind of CANDYASS PUNK are you that it took you 29 minutes to kick the crap out of 18 bikers? Danny "the body" Brodsky could have done it in 15 minutes!!! And then he would have posted their E-mail addresses for the whole world to know!!! Michele Tepper would have done it in 5 minutes. Two if she wasn't worried about messing her hair. And that *includes* the time it would take to taunt them about their inability to breath properly. But that pretty much goes without saying. -- Ian York
What kind of second income is she gonna generate? -- Beth Erlanson
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
What looks like half apple? The other half.
What lovely weather
What luck for rulers that men do not think. -- Adolf Hitler (1889-1945)
What maintains one vice would bring up two children. -- Ben Franklin
What makes me think I could start clean-slated? The hardest to learn was the least complicated. -- Indigo Girls
What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease. -- Jean Paul Richter
What makes the universe so difficult to understand is that there is nothing to compare it with.
What makes this even messier is that masturbation is very strongly tied to education levels. People with graduate degrees are the most likely to masturbate. -- Edward Laumann (studying the effects of male circumcision on sexual behaviour)
What makes us different from animals is we don't use our tongues to clean our own genitals. -- Rimmer (Red Dwarf)
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
What man doesn't like to stare once in a while? -- O'Brien
What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick.
What more could a man ask for?
What more could you ask? (OK, strictly speaking you could ask for a masseuse and champagne on tap... but let's not go into that.) -- Robert Harley
What name was given to E.T.'s pregnant sister? E.Z.
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.
What on earth will today's younger generation be able to tell their kids they had to do without?
What one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -- John Lilly
What one fool can do, another can. (Ancient Simian Proverb)
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
What part of ten-line limit don't you understand? ~
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency. -- George Jean Nathan
What people mean by the word technology is anything invented after they were born. -- Alan Kay
What people mean by the word technology is the stuff that doesn't work yet. -- Danny Hillis
What production environment, especially one that is old enough to drive, vote, and drink 3.2 beers, should reject the very commands that it tells you to enter? -- Reverend Heiny
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? -- Ursula Leguin
What say we go down to the local tavern and blow a few bucks? -- Doe after hunting season
What sets worlds in motion is the interplay of differences, their attractions and repulsions; life is plurality, death is uniformity. -- Octavio Paz
What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it.
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What soap is for the body, tears are for the soul. -- Jewish proverb
What soon grows old? Gratitude. -- Aristotle
What sort of baldfaced nonsequitor is this? The only thing a cat and tea have in common is that one dislikes being immersed in the other. Clearly, your marketing skills are equivalent to your prowess at teamaking, which is probably on level with the cat's. -- Mike Shapiro
What the **** is the maisie source? Sounds like a spy novel. -- John Dobbin
What the average couple wants to get out of their new car is the kids.
What the he... ck? SQWALK! -- Gilbert Gottfried (Aladdin)
What the heck, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here. -- Radiohead
What the hell are you doing on at 10 pm on a Friday night? I expect this sort of thing from Adam, but you should know better. -- John Dobbin
What the hell is this "clan" shit, anyway? Geeks in packs who live to play Doom3 giving themselves MTV-inspired logos and "elITE!" names? -- Robert Rodgers
What the hell kind of weird group is this? One album is a likeable sort of techno/rave/eurotrash, and the other one is like... TORI AMOS. doing ACID. while SUCKING HELIUM. and singing "EASY LISTENING EIGHTIES OLDIES" -- Robert Rodgers
What the hell you know it's just as well and after a while and a thousand miles, it all becomes the same. -- Billy Joel
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.
What the world needs now is a good Megadeth album. -- David Ellefson
What the world needs now is another folk singer like I need a hole in my head. -- Cracker
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork. -- Pearl Bailey
What they didn't tell you is that Monica has a closet full of stained garments.
What this country needs if a five cents Anything.
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
What this country needs is a good five-cent microcomputer.
What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel. -- Frank Adams
What this country needs is a good five-dollar plasma weapon.
What time is it? You mean right NOW? -- Yogi Berra
What to do you call a little burro? A burrito. What to do you call a little taco? A tacito. What do you call a little judge? Judge Ito.
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn? -- Peter S. Beagle
What was in those Scooby snacks, and why did Shaggy want them too? He WAS the only hippie-looking one in the bunch...
What was it like being a woman? It was a drag. -- Robin Williams
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
What was the middle thing again? -- A Fish Called Wanda
What we all *really* need is high-level design re-use and coarse-grained code re-use, with frameworks supporting flexible composition and totally throw-away code. -- Jeff Bone
What we are concerned with here is the fundamental interconnectedness of all things. -- Douglas Adams (Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency)
What we are talking about is a massive evolution, not a massive revolution. -- Mani Chandy
What we believe is the most powerful option of all. -- Norman Cousins
What we do with our leisure time is almost essential to our success as what we do during our working hours.
What we don't know keeps the contract alive and moving. -- Rage Against the Machine
What we find out in philosophy is trivial; it does not teach us new facts, only science does that. But the proper synopsis of these trivialities is enormously difficult, and has immense importance. Philosophy is in fact the synopsis of trivialities. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein (Philosophical Investigations)
What we have here is a failure to communicate. -- Cool Hand Luke
What we have here is a failure... to give a damn.
What we have here is two important values in direct conflict: freedom of speech and our desire for healthy campaigns in a healthy democracy. You can't have both. -- Dick Gephardt in the WSJ 8/6/97
What we have here... is ' failure... to give a shit. -- Guns n' Roses
What we lack in brains we make up for... in good attentions... -- Mom and Dad Save the World
What we learn from history is that we do not learn from history.
What we see depends on mainly what we look for. -- John Lubbock
What we wish, that we readily believe. -- Demosthenes
What we're really trying to do is to create the future. -- Joel Birnbaum
What will future search agents make of it? Will they auto classify, so I can search for 'colorful x-rated pro-apple rants by multiplatform computer users'? Better yet, search by analogy: 'Jobites'... -- Rohit Khare
What will the future bring? A nuclear-submarine-like procedure of, "Insert Floppy A at the same instant as inserting CD-ROM B and Zip Disk C while having Colleague D press Control-Command-Delete-Option-Backspace on Computer E"? "Open the spot color palette, please, HAL." "I'm sorry, Glenn, I can't do that." -- Glenn Fleishman (Tidbits)
What will we do when we can have fully synthetic RenderMan blow-up dolls acting out the fantasies protected as mere text in alt.sex.stories? Is our liberty so founded on the 97% that a change of medium from one requiring thought (literature) to one for the masses (film) is a criminal act? -- Rohit Khare
What would be worth living for? Some people ask that very same question. Luckily, I know the answer. Slurpees. -- Richard Goodman
What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team, who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a barn? -- Tom Galloway
What would I do if I retired? Exactly what I'm doing now, smoking a cigar. -- George Burns
What would McGyver do now?
What would McGyver do? -- MST3K
What would the world be like if people said whatever they were thinking, all the time, whenever it came to them? How long would a blind date last? About 13 seconds, I think. -- Jerry Seinfeld
What would you do if God commanded you to disobey Her?
What would you do with a brain if you had one? -- Dorothy to the Scarecrow (The Wizard Of Oz)
What you are when nobody's looking is what you really are.
What you can not avoid, welcome.
What you can't get out of, get into wholeheartedly. -- Mignon McLaughlin
What you cannot understand you cannot possess. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
What you do not want done to you, do not do to others.
What you don't do is always more important than what you do.
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
What you don't know won't help you much either. -- D. Bennett
What you fear in the night and the day comes to call anyway. -- Counting Crows
What you have put into your kettle comes afterwards into your spoon.
What you have, however, is not a shell script. It's a csh abomination instead. -- Tom Christiansen
What you need is love potion #9.
What you need to do is try and be the best person you can be, instead of comparing yourself to how pathetic other people are. -- Dan Frey
What you see is rarely what you get.
What you simulate is what you get.
What you think about, you do. What you do, you become. -- G. Gordon Liddy
What you're looking for can change over time. So what is perfect when you're 15 isn't so great at 21, which isn't that tremendous at 25, which isn't so worthwhile at 30, which is old and tiresome at 40, which is a murder rap by 50. -- Tim Byars
What! You actually think the Grand Moff Tarkin died when the Death Star exploded? Nonsense...I never saw the body, did you? -- Chris Kalmbacher
What, me worry?
What, you figure that I get paid for killing myself? -- Jen Quirin
What? Gary _doesn't_ know everything? -- unknown ccon
What? You think it's disorienting to see a test, a block of code, another block of code, and then finally an "ifelse"? What's wrong with you? -- Dan Martinez
What? You're not a huge Hercules/Xena fan? What kind of software geek are you? -- Megan Coughlin
What?! Use PAPER, and an unindexed, non-online MICROFICHE like some goddamn SAVAGE? My parents strugged to come this country so I can be free of the dreaded abacus and counting wheels. I REFUSE to dishoner their sacrifice. How would they feel if they know that I was reading an actual physical paper? Shame, that's what. Shame on the family honor. Shame on me. Shame on our efforts to rise above our primative past. -- Peter Chang
What'd you think the international dateline was? A really good place to pick up chicks?
What's 'e matter w' that thing? -- Scotty
What's a vagina? It's the box a penis comes in.
What's all the world to a man when his wife is a widow? -- Irish Proverb
What's all this about hall fires and dalmatians?
What's all this brouhaha?
What's all this talk about hellfire &amp; Dalmations?
What's another word for Thesaurus? -- Steve Wright
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
What's done is done. I've made my bed and now... I have to weasel out of it. -- Bart Simpson
What's done to children, they will do to society.
What's even more amusing is that apparently there was some sort of flame from Amy, but I never got it. Thanks, best.com! -- Marc Unangst
What's good for Ugoose is good for Uganda.
What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest. -- Andy Warhol
What's green and jumps right into bed? A prostitoad.
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patti O'Furniture.
What's it mean when the flag is at half mast at the Post Office? They're hiring.
What's mine is yours, and what's yours is mine. -- William Shakespeare
What's not worth doing is not worth doing well. -- Don Hebb
What's shorter then a weekend? A Vacation.
What's so civil about war? -- Guns n Roses
What's so courteous about a courtesy call?
What's so funny about peace, love and understanding?
What's so funny?
What's so unpleasant about getting drunk? Ask a glass of water. -- Douglas Adams
What's that application, you ask? What obscure, rogue, poorly-written, backwater hack could fail to interact properly to an interface setting built into the operating system itself? Why, it's Visual C++. -- Dan Martinez
What's that blue thing doing here? -- They Might Be Giants
What's that I smell? It's the American dream. Chocolate eclairs, suck out the cream. -- Miss Saigon
What's that, boy? Daddy's hurt? Down in deadrock canyon? -- Lassie
What's that, Lassie? What, girl? Klingons ... off the starboard bow? -- John Prevost
What's the definition of a gentleman? One who knows how to play the saxophone, but doesn't.
What's the definition of a good flame? One you agree with... -- Karl Lehenbauer
What's the definition of safe sex in West Virginia? Branding the sheep that kick.
What's the difference between a brown-noser and a sh*thead? Depth perception.
What's the difference between a conservative and a liberal? Well, if you're drowning 50 feet offshore, a conservative will throw you a 25 foot rope, hold on, and tell you to swim for it. A liberal will throw you a 100 foot rope, then rush off to do more good works.
What's the difference between a duck?
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds. What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
What's the difference between a nun and a 15 year-old girl in the bathtub? The nun has the hope in her soul.
What's the difference between a rooster and a lawyer? Each morning the rooster comes out and clucks defiance.
What's the difference between a saxophone and a lawnmower? You can tune a lawnmower.
What's the difference between a straight man and a gay man? Two dozen beers.
What's the difference between a tribe of pigmies and a girl's track team? The pigmies are a cunning array of runts.
What's the difference between a viola and a violin? Violas burn longer.
What's the difference between fornication and adultery? I've tried em both and I can't tell any difference. -- George Miller
What's the difference between love and herpes? Herpes lasts forever.
What's the difference between mashed potatoes and pea soup? Anyone can mash potatoes.
What's the difference between Pee-wee Herman and O.J.? It only took 12 jerks to get O.J. off.
What's the difference between the 90's and the 50's? In the 90's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd like some condoms," then whispers, "and some cigarettes."
what's the difference between your girlfriend and Andrew? Andrew will always go down on you. -- CMU saying
What's the height of optimism? A trombonist with a beeper.
What's the height of stupidity? I'm not sure... how tall are you?
What's the massage situation? -- Seinfeld
What's the matter? Can't you think of anyone either? -- Rodney Dangerfield
What's the point in being grown up if you can't be childish once in a while? -- Tom Baker
What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here anyway. -- Homer Simpson
What's the point of this? Nothing, just another chance to talk about why C++ sucks. -- Robert Rodgers
What's the quality of the text? `Text is printed on high quality paper.'
What's the relationship between the dollar, the pound, and the ruble? A dollar is worth a pound of rubles!
What's the use of being cool if you can't wear a sombrero? -- Hobbes
What's this "signal to noise" ratio? How'd you define "noise"? -- Axel Essbaum
What's up with the Jewish Conspiracy? Where's *my* power?!!? -- Sam Greenfield
What's up, Doc? -- Ensign Bugs (to Crusher)
What's with band names these days? They all sound like recreational activities. -- Paul Bossi
What's with this "sneak over?" I'm calling for AIR SUPPORT! -- Chris Heiser
What's with this song? It sounds like R2-D2 asking a lot of really stupid questions. -- Lex Gibson
What's worse than a knee-jerk liberal? A kneepad conservative, that's what, forever groveling before the rich and powerful. -- Edward Abbey
What's worse than have substandard work rejected is having substandard work in print WITH YOUR NAME ON IT. -- David Nicol
What's worse, they're a possible breeding pair. I would think that a definite need exists for an a.t. strike team to be formed to scrub the gene pool of these possible contaminants. And soon.
What's wrong with chasing nebulae till 3am?
What's wrong with your face? It's upside-down and inside out, that's what! Oowww! -- Cat (Red Dwarf)
What's yet to come is still unsure. In delay lies no plenty; then come kiss me, sweet and twenty. Youth's a stuff will not endure. -- William Shakespeare (Twelfth Night)
What's your point, Mr. "I learned to sublimate and all I got was this fabulous career"? -- Tom Price
what's your point? you have an alternate capitalization? -- Rohit Khare
What's your sign? Is it Yield? Huh huh huh huh. -- Butt-head
Whatever became of eternal truth?
Whatever bubbles, bubbles up. -- Lucas
Whatever happened to diversity? It was replaced by the university. -- Adam Rifkin
Whatever happened to revolution for the hell of it? Whatever happened to protesting nothing in particular, just because it's Saturday, and we have nothing else to do? -- King Missile
Whatever happened to the good old days when sex was dirty and the air was clean?
Whatever happened to Why is the sky blue?
Whatever happens, we have got The Maxim Gun, and they have not. -- Hilaire Belloc 1870-1953
Whatever is not eternal is eternally out of date. -- CS Lewis
Whatever is not nailed down is mine. What I can pry loose is not nailed down. -- Collis P. Huntingdon
Whatever it is, I didn't do it, but feel free to send me $$ regardless. -- death@punkassbitch.org
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts. -- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Whatever it is, it's Murphy Brown's fault.
Whatever looks good to you. Crop, reverse video, dress us up in garters and spank us silly or whatever. I mean, how bad can you possibly %^$# up? -- Rumman Gaffur
Whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!
Whatever this is called, this is exactly what we have. -- Piyush Mehrotra
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily this is not difficult. -- Charlotte Whitton
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Whatever you do, you'll regret it.
Whatever you have, you must either use or lose. -- Henry Ford
Whatever you resist, persists!
Whatever you say about pornography, sex is here to stray.
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
Wheels on the bus go round and round! -- Seinfeld
When 911 won't work .357 will!
When _I_ choose a word, it means just what I choose it to mean. -- Humpty Dumpty
When a buffalo goes out of his enclosure to the edge of the abyss, his horns and his head and his hoofs all pass through, but why can't the tail also pass? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
When a child wets on his lap, he returns the favor. -- Top 5
When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
When a democracy is in trouble, the remedy is more democracy. -- Andrew Jackson
When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong. -- Arthur C. Clarke
When a doctor himself needs doctoring so that another doctor doctors the doctor, does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor the doctor the way the doctor being doctored wants to be doctored or does the doctor doing the doctoring of the doctor being doctored doctor as he wants to doctor?
When a dog cannot bite it has a bone in its mouth.
When a dog runs at you, whistle for him. -- Henry David Thoreau
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing," it's the money. -- Kim Hubbard
When a finger points at the moon, the imbecile looks at the finger.
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
When a habit begins to cost money, it is called a hobby.
When a hammer is the only tool, every problem looks like a nail.
When a immovable object meets an irresistable force, someone has to laugh at the stalemate. -- Richard Goodman
When a liar gets pharyngitis, he loses his vice.
When a lion escapes from a circus in Africa, how do they know when they've caught the right one? -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch. -- Bette Davis
When a man goes on a date he wonders if he is going to get lucky. A woman already knows. -- Frederick Ryder
When a man marries his mistress it creates a job opening. -- Sir James Goldsmith
When a man opens the door of his car for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife.
When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him _whose_? -- Don Marquis
When a man's knowledge is deep, he speaks well of an enemy. Instead of seeking revenge, he extends unexpected generosity. He turns insult into humor, and astonishes his adversary who finds no reason not to trust him. -- Baltasar Gracian
When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops listening to him.
When a meme catches on, it may crystallize whole schools of thought. Take the "black hole" meme, for instance. As physicist Brandon Carter has commented in Stephen Hawkings's A Brief History of Time: A Reader's Companion: "Things changed dramatically when John Wheeler invented the term [black hole]... Everybody adopted it, and from then on, people around the world, in Moscow, in America, in England, and elsewhere, could know they were speaking about the same thing." Once the "black hole" meme became commonplace, it became a handy source of metaphors for everything from illiteracy to the deficit. -- Mike Godwin
When a person tells you, "I'll think it over and let you know" -- you know. -- Olin Miller
When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in a confederacy against him. -- Johnathan Swift (Thoughts on Various Subjects, Moral and Diverting)
When a woman has been scorned there are no accidents. -- Christen Runge
When a woman tries on clothing from her closet that feels tight, she will assume she has gained weight. When a man tries something from his closet that feels tight, he will assume the clothing has shrunk. -- Rita Rudner
When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep. -- Ursula K. LeGuin
When all else fails, blame it on Dan.
When all else fails, blame it on the guy next to you
When all else fails, read the docs.
When all else fails, read the documentation.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all else fails, RTFM.
When all else fails, take a nap
When all is said and done, then shut up
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
When an idea is wanting a word can always be found to take its place. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When an idea, a proposition, a cause is presented to me in terms that leave me no alternative but to be for it, because it's all pros and no cons, then I know I'm being conned. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
When angry, count ten before you speak. If very angry, a hundred. -- Thomas Jefferson
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear. -- Mark Twain
When are we going to give Fritz a taste of British spunk? -- Blackadder IV
When are you BUTT-HEADS gonna learn that you can't oppose Gestapo tactics *with* Gestapo tactics? -- Reuben Flagg
When art communicates, a human experience is actively offered and actively received. -- Raymond Williams
When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before the white man came, and Indian said simply Ours.
when asked how you will choose to kick it, the proper reply (according to Ms. Manners) is that you will be kicking it root down. -- Paul Jacobus
When asked if he had missed school lately, the boy said `Not a bit.'
When asked if you slept well, reply with no, you made a couple of mistakes.
When asked What is a friend, Zeno ans'd Another I.
When better business decisions are made, economists won't make them. -- H.V. Prochnow
When birds start perching on the lawn, it's time to mow it.
When bullies grow up, they become burglars, unfair boxing people, gun testers and martial-arts teachers. -- Matt Groening (Life in Hell, 4/25/97)
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators. -- P. J. O'Rourke
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before.
When Clinton said he was going to create 8 million new jobs, I didn't think they were all going to be tax collectors. -- Jay Leno
When colleen said, "what the hell have you done to your face?" and pointed out the fine points of subtlety, i realized that subtlety is just not a part of my personality. -- Andrew Stellman
When companies ship styrofoam, what do they pack it in?
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl!
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir pelcgb. -- Dave Polaschek
When Cthulhu calls, He calls collect.
When dancing, never remove undergarments, no matter how hot it is.
When DEC hits bottom, they're going to make an awful big splat. -- David Hawkins
When do you get off of a non-stop flight?
When does a Cub Scout become a Boy Scout? When he eats his first Brownie.
When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask? Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.
When Elvis Presley died in 1977 there were 37 Elvis impersonators in the world. Today there are 48,000. If the current trend continues, by the year 2010, one out of every three people in the world will be an Elvis impersonator. -- Audio Village ad (Oct 1993 MIX magazine)
When everything is a priority, nothing is a priority. -- Simon Fulleringer
When faced with a problem, some people say 'Let's use AWK.' Now they have two problems. -- Zalman Stern
When fact is fiction and TV reality. -- U2
When fate arrives, the physician becomes a fool.
When filling out your driver's license application, DON'T give your IP address.
When four or more men get together, they talk about sports. When four or more women get together, they talk about men. -- Rita Rudner
When gas stations start charging for air - that's inflation.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
When God shook the tree of life, all the nuts landed in California.
When Gods were more Man-like, men were more god-like. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
When gossip grows old it becomes myth. -- Stanislaw J. Lee
When grasshopper learns to stagger drunk like a flea, he will be ready to leave the monastary. -- Anu Kapoor
When guns are outlawed, how will we handle frat boys? -- Kurt Laughlin
When he joined my ship, this officer was something of a granny; since then he has aged considerably.
When her mouth moves, pay attention, words could be coming out. Words are kind of important. -- Dennis Miller
When I *do* lose it, I'm going to make sure I do it in a post office just to screw up the statistics. -- Kevin Kozicki
When I asked him for his autograph, he said I had to talk to his agent, and when I asked who his agent was, he started to unzip his pants. -- Laurie L.
When I came out into society I was 15. I already knew then that the role I was condemned to, namely to keep quiet and do what I was told, gave me the perfect opportunity to listen and observe. Not to what people told me, which naturally was of no interest to me, but to whatever it was they were trying to hide. I practiced detachment. I learn how to look cheerful while under the table I stuck a fork onto the back of my hand. I became a virtuoso of deceit. I consulted the strictest moralists to learn how to appear, philosophers to find out what to think, and novelists to see what I could get away with, and in the end it all came down to one wonderfully simple principle: win or die. -- Marquise De Merteuil (Dangerous Liasons)
When I die, I hope to go the Heaven, whatever the Hell that is. -- Ayn Rand
When I feel like exercising I just lie down until the feeling goes away. -- Robert M. Hutchins
When I first heard that Marge was joining the police academy, I thought it would be fun and zany, like that movie, Spaceballs. But instead it was dark and disturbing. Like that movie, Police Academy. -- Homer Simpson
When I first started working, I used to dream of the day when I might be earning the salary I'm starving on now.
When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns. -- Jack Handey
When I gave food to the poor, they called me a saint. When I asked why the poor were hungry, they called me a communist. -- Dom Helder Camara
When I get real bored, I like to drive down town and get a great parking spot, then sit in my car and count how many people ask if I'm leaving. -- Steven Wright
When I get that feeling, I need sexual healing -- Marvin Gaye
When I get to the bottom I go back to the top of the slide, where I stop and I turn and I go for a ride, then I get to the bottom and I see you again. Do you, don't you, want me to love you? I'm coming down fast but I'm miles above you. Tell me, tell me, tell me, come on tell me the answer. Well, you may be a lover but you ain't no dancer. Helter skelter! -- the Beatles
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist. -- Dom Helder Camara
When I go to heaven, I want to see my grandpa again. But he better have lost the nose hair and the old-man smell.
When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships. -- Andy Warhol
When I got up this morning I took two Ex-Lax in addition to my Prozac. I can't get off the john, but I feel good about it.
When I grow up I want to be a kid.
When I grow up I want to be a readers' digest joke.
When I grow up I want to be a whorse trainer.
When I grow up I want to be either an enlightened despot or a repoman.
When I grow up, I want to be Peter Pan.
When I grow up, I'm going to be a speller. -- Peanuts
When I have one foot in the grave I will tell the truth about women. I shall tell it, jump into my coffin, pull the lid over me, and say Do what you like now. -- Leo Tolstoy
When I hear anyone talk of Culture, I reach for my revolver. -- Hermann Goering
When I hear on the news about someone being killed "execution style", it makes me wonder what other styles there are. -- Blair Bostick
When I hear that someone's been eaten by a crocodile or a shark, I just get all gooey. I start salivating. I'm fascinated by it. If I had to get tortured by a human being or eaten by a shark, I'd take the croc any day of the week. The reason is that it's not personal. You were lunch. -- Tori Amos
When I hear that something is selling at a fraction of its normal cost, I comment that the fraction is probably 4/3, and am met with a blank stare. -- John Allen Paulos
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year. I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer. -- Dave Barry
When I model I pretty much blank. You can't think too much or it doesn't work. -- Paulina Porizkova
When I moved to the country I asked my neighbor if he had lived here all his life. His response was "not yet."
When I play with my cat, how do I know that she is not passing time with me rather than I with her? -- Michel Eyqyem de Montaigne (1533-92)
When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up. -- Rodney Dangerfield
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
When I rest, I rust.
When I said "we", officer, I was referring to myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.
When I said ``we'', officer, I was referring to myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.
When I saw him, I liked him. When I liked him, I Loved him. When I Loved him, I lost him. -- Julia Lasalle
When I saw I could not avoid the collision, I stepped on the gas and crashed into the other car.
When I say 'morning', what I really mean is 'afternoon'. -- Sam Greenfield
When I stand up, I'm right as rain. But when I sit down, there's a stabbing pain! -- Underdog
When I think of the past it brings back so many memories. -- Steven Wright
When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, "Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?" -- Quentin Crisp
When I wake up tomorrow, will you have changed? 'Cause I still feel the same. -- Goldfinger
When I want your opinion I'll give it to you
When I want your opinion, I'll beat it out of you. -- Bud Light
When I want your opinion, I'll rattle your cage!
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it. -- Clarence Darrow
When I was a child, there were times when we had to entertain ourselves. And usually the best way to do that was to turn on the TV. -- Jack Handey
when i was a freshman here i dated this horrible guy who used to wear ruffly shirts like that, becuase he was SUPERGOTH. he turned out to just be a big wanker. which is really the same thing. -- Kristiina Wilson
When I was a kid we went to McDonalds and they had this fabulous banana shake!!! Yummmmmm!!!!! Banana bread! Another wonderful thing! -- Michelle Gardner
When I was a kid, I used to pick quarters off the floor with my toes. "Quarters, or ROLLS of quarters?" -- Friends
When I was a kid, I was an imaginary playmate.
When I was a kid, we had a quicksand box in the backyard. I was an only child... eventually.
When I was a little kid my mother told me not to stare into the sun. So one day when I was six, I did... the next day I had my first headache. -- Pi
When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box. I was an only child....eventually. -- Noel Estabrook
When I was a little kid, my mom used to always say, Only God is perfect. -- Susie Clime
When I was a young boy, my father taught me that to be a good Catholic, I had to confess at church if I ever had impure thoughts about a girl. That very evening I had to rush to confess my sin. And the next night, and the next. After a week, I decided religion wasn`t for me. -- Cuban President Fidel Castro (The Economist, 8/16/97)
When I was born I did lament and cry, and now each day doth shew the reason why. -- Richard Watkins
When I was born, I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half.
When I was in a band, kids would come up to me and be like "You're SO cool!" All I could think was "Uhm, I'm a DORK. I play Dungeons and Dragons and I LIKE it."
When I was in high school, I got in trouble with my girlfriend's Dad. He said, "I want my daughter back by 8:15." I said, "the middle of August? Cool!" -- Steven Wright
When I was in high school, my friends would lay anything that moved. I choose not to limit myself.
When I was kidnapped, my parents snapped into action. They rented out my room. -- Woody Allen
When I was traveling alone in Europe I decided that the secret to life was that control was an illusion. Of course, my dad, the philosophy major, had always told me that. But I learned that he wasn't completely right. You do have control over one lousy thing in life. And that's your reaction to the shit that the universe hands you. That's it. -- Derek Powazek
When I was young I used to think everything useful was elegant. Then I saw C++. -- Mani Chandy
When I was young we didn't have MTV; we had to take drugs and go to concerts. -- Steven Pearl
When I was young we were so poor that our lavoratory was two sticks: one is to support us and the other one to keep wolves away.
When I was younger, I was kiddnapped by a cult of kickboxing ninja who made me play a grueling steel cage match of basketball to the death every night. -- Duckman
When I wind up my watch, I start it, but when I wind up this essay, I end it.
When I woke up late, I felt behind all day. When I wake up early, I feel ahead all day. -- Eric Bax
When I write an advertisement, I don't want you to tell me that you find it 'creative'. I want you to find it so interestin that you *buy the product*. When Aeschines spoke, they said, 'How well he speaks.' But when Demosthenes spoke, they said, 'Let us march against Philip.' -- David Ogilvy
When I write my music I see all the rivers flowing... sensual, spiritual, religious, animal, intellectual... -- Laura Nyro
When I'm around you, I find myself showing off, which is the idiot's version of being interesting. -- LA Story
When I'm by myself, nobody else can say goodbye. -- Edie Brickell (Circle)
When I'm dead, I hope it may be said, His sins were scarlet, but his books were read. -- Hilaire Belloc
When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad I'm better. -- Mae West
When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better. -- Mae West
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better. -- Mae West
When I'm not busy trying to save the planet, I like to get drunk and screw.
When I'm old enough to get a car, it's gonna be a truck. -- Butt-head
When I'm right nobody remembers... When I'm wrong nobody forgets.
When in charge, ponder. When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
When in danger,when in doubt,run in circles,yell &amp; shout
When in doubt, answer "Pushkin". -- Adam Rifkin
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
When in doubt, don't bother.
When in doubt, empty the magazine.
When in doubt, follow your heart.
When in doubt, ignore it.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in doubt, leave out the adjective.
When in doubt, make a fool of yourself. There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on earth. So what the hell, leap. -- Cynthia Heimel (Lower Manhattan Survival Tactics)
When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate. When in charge, ponder.
When in doubt, mumble.
When in doubt, parenthesize. At the very least it will let some poor schmuck bounce on the % key in vi. -- Larry Wall
When in doubt, parenthesize. At the very least, it will let some poor schmuck bounce on the % key in vi. -- Perl man page
When in doubt, take all the defaults.
When in doubt, tell the truth. -- Mark Twain
When in doubt, think.
When in doubt, use brute force -- Ken Thompson
When in doubt, use brute force. -- Ken Thompson
When in doubt... schwa.
When in this charming car, this charming man; why pamper life's complexities when the leather runs smooth on the passenger seat. -- Morrissey
When inlaws are outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
When it appears that you have killed the monster, *never* check to see if it's really dead. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
When it comes to compliments, women are bloodsucking monsters, who want more, more, MORE! And if you give it to them... you get plenty back in return... -- Homer Simpson
When it comes to helping you some people stop at nothing.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
When it comes to humility, I'm the very BEST there is
When it comes to sex I believe in quality as opposed to quantity... Unless it's been about 4 months, then I go for quantity. -- Woody Allen
When it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect. -- Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy
When it rains, it pours.
When it rains, why don't sheep shrink?
When it says quaint and cozy, think old and small. A partially wooded lot means one tree. Usually a sapling. If the ad says the house has a panoramic view, it means it has a really, really steep driveway.
When Keebler releases an XML spec, they might describe it as "baked by tiny recursive elves" or something. -- David McCusker
When kids in wheelchairs run away from home, why aren't they called rollaways?
When laws become unjust, just men become outlaws.
When Lorenzo Castelli was struck and killed by a train, the Italian railroad sued him for delaying rail schedules for 29 minutes.
When making love, most married men fantasize that their wives aren't fantasizing.
When marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
When men grow virtuous in their old age, they only make a sacrifice to God of the devil's leavings. -- Jonathan Swift
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results. -- Calvin Coolidge
When Mr. Gotti says take a dive, you take a damn dive. -- David Letterman
When my .newsrc gets munged, I feel like I've gone back in time. -- Bruce Sherrod
When my Azzedine jacket from 1987 died, I wrapped it up in a box, attached a note saying where it came from and took it to the Salvation Army. It was a big loss. -- Veronica Webb
When my mind is made up, it won't be confused by the facts.
When my old man wanted sex... my mother would show him a picture of me. -- Rodney Dangerfield
When Neanderthal man lumbered home from the hunt, he was less than fully erect, according to anthropologists. That figures, of course, considering how ugly Neanderthal woman was.
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock. Perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet, at the hundred and first blow, it will split in two; and I know it was not that blow, that did it, but all that had gone before.
When one does not know what to say, it is a time to be silent.
When one door closes another door opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the ones which open for us. -- Alexander Graham Bell
When one eats the donut, one frees the hole to become more than just a hole!
When opportunity knocks, don't knock the opportunity.
When our first parents were driven out of Paradise, Adam is believed to have remarked to Eve: `My dear, we live in an age of transition.' -- Dean William R Inge
When people of today have full bellies, they are exactly like their ancestors of a million years ago: very slow to acknowledge the awful troubles they may be in. -- Kurt Vonnegut (Galapagos)
When people say they're not in their right mind, does that mean they are in their left mind?
When PETA starts trying to toss red paint on motorcycle riders wearing leather jackets, things will get more interesting (and I hope someone's there with a camera). -- James Jones
When publishing is made free, only the criminally insane will publish. -- Rohit Khare
When puns are outlawed only outlaws will have puns.
When religion and politics travel in the same cart, the riders believe nothing can stand in their way. Their movement becomes headlong - faster and faster and faster. They put aside all obstacles and forget that a precipice does not show itself to a man in a blind rush until it's too late. -- Bene Gesserit proverb (Dune)
When reviewing your notes for a test, the most important ones will be illegible.
When rich speculators prosper while farmers lose their land; when government officials spend money on weapons instead of cures; when the upper class is extravagant and irresponsible while the poor have nowhere to turn: all this is robbery and chaos. -- Lao-tzu (Tao Te Ching)
When she says all men are like a disease then I wonder how much more I can stand. -- Offspring
When shit becomes valuable, the poor will be born without assholes. -- Henry Miller
When sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their picket signs?
When sitting, just sit. When walking, just walk. -- Zen Proverb
When sober, he looks like Beavis. When drunk, he looks like Butthead. -- Top 5
When somebody needs you, well there's no drug like that. -- Heather Nova (London Rain)
When someone cries "Up Progress!", ask always "Progress of what?" -- Stanislaw J. Les
When someone demands blind obedience, you'd be a fool not to peek. -- Jim Fiebig
When someone is impatient and says, "I haven't got all day," I always wonder, How can that be? How can you not have all day? -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
When someone puts an empty ice cube tray back in the freezer. Food servers who command you to "enjoy your meal." When you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. Spouses who toss Alka Seltzers in the tub when you're in it. -- from 1401 things that Piss Me Off
When someone says "I'm a neo nazi" I don't think, "Wow, they must really have learned a lot since last time. I'll give them another chance." -- Kevin Zygmontas
When someone says ``I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done,'' give him a lollipop.
When someone says that he's laying all the cards on the table, count them. -- Gene Brown
When someone spins a lazy Susan, you slap a C-note on the counter and yell, "Creamed corn, baby, come on!" -- Top 5
When sorrows come, they come not as single spies, but in batallions. -- J. O'Barr (The Crow)
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. -- Ethiopian Proverb
When spotted doing 140 mph on the 101, I have Ford Motor Company Special Vehicle Team's 17" disc brakes and ABS to thank for allowing me to get off the frwy and ditch the cop. -- Tim Byars
When the 50 dwarves dwindled down to 8, everyone began to suspect Hungry.
When the Almighty was handing out brains, were you holding the door?
When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!" (Turkish proverb)
When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff. (Chinese proverb)
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
When the brain is dead and the mind has taken over, this is a skill, this is not a game, where have you been, are you with us? Can you hear us? Got the megaphone pointed at you. -- Live
When the Buddha was asked to explain why he did not respond to a verbal attack, he said, "If someone declined to accept a present, it would belong to the one who offered it. In the same way, I decline to accept the abuse."
When the catalogs get tough, the garden gets compost. -- Truman Bullard
When the chicken's feathers are of gold, it ain't too smart to make broth of the hen.
When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.
When the conscious becomes unconscious, you're drunk. When the unconscious becomes conscious, you're stoned.
When the crow is your guide, he will lead you to the corpses of dogs.
When the doctor told me the price of a facelift, I let the whole thing drop.
When the eagles are silent, the parrots begin to jabber. -- Winston Churchill
When the father found he had quintuplets, he could hardly believe his own census.
When the fencing team tried to wrap up the tournament, they kept getting foiled.
When the final design seems too simple for the amount of work you've put in, then you know you're done. -- Brady Clark
When the gods wish to punish us, they answer our prayers.
When The Going Gets Tough The Dice Get Hosey -- Ian Schrieber
When the going gets tough, even the tough ask for help.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves. -- Lynch
When the going gets tough, philosophers equivocate. They bury their heads in the sands of analogy. -- John Knasas
When the going gets tough, the tough change their minds. -- Dennis Miller
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets tough, the tough hide under the table. -- Blackadder III
When the going gets tough... the tough curl up into a ball... and cry...
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. -- Raoul Duke
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
When the insects take over the world, we hope they will remember with gratitude how we took them along on all our picnics. -- Bill Vaughan
When the lights are out, all women are beautiful.
When the music hits, I feel no pain at all. -- Tim Armstrong
When the only hammer you have is C++, the whole world looks like a thumb. -- Keith Hodges
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
When the order is repeated, change it slightly. When it is repeated again, change it again. On the third time, say, "You just don't get it, do you?"
When the Phone Don't Ring, Baby, you'll Know it's me.
When the pin is pulled, Mr. Grenade is NOT our friend.
When the Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists. -- Jurassic Park
When the plane you're on is late, the plane you need to transfer to is on time.
When the plane you're on is late, your connecting flight is on time.
When the rabbit of chaos is pursued through the field of anarchy it is time to hang your pants on the hook of darkness. -- Roger Moore (Spiceworld)
When the rain comes I sit home and pray. Make it all numb - I wish it all away. All I really need is just somewhere to hide away. Kick him when he's down - here alone I'll put up and fight. Kick him when he's down - beat me all the way I'll take it all night. Kick him when he's down - hey, don't worry, I'll get along home alright. -- the Offspring
When the revolution comes, I will be shot by both sides.
When the rich think about the poor they have poor ideas. -- Eva Peron
When the speaker and he to whom he is speaks do not understand, that is metaphysics. -- Voltaire
When the stars are out, they are visible, but when the lights are out, they are invisible.
When the sun shineth, make hay. -- John Heywood
When the Tacoma sperm bank was looking for donors, naturally I volunteered. After all, it's my civic duty, and I like whales. -- Twin Peaks
When the teacher asked the meaning of unaware, little Johnny replied, "It's what you put on first and take off last."
When the the London Stock Exchange trading computers crashed *just* at the point that the US stock market bubble wobbled, it's tempting to see more than the usual invisible hand manipulating the market. Was it truly incompetence on an unparallelled scale, or could this "accident" have been a deliberate denial of service prevent further instability? Well, given Andersen Consulting's involvement, we're assuming the former. -- Danny O'Brien
When the waiter brings the wine list, don't even look at it, but say, "Do you have the 1976 Jordan Cabernet?" Nobody has this wine anymore. When the waiter says no, look disappointed, then brighten as you say, "Well, then. Let's have beer for a change." This way you appear creative and iconoclastic, and you get the beer you wanted all along. -- Men's Health (On wine)
When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the plane will fly. -- Donald Douglas
When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism. -- R.G. Ingersoll
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When there is a hill to climb, don't think that waiting will make it smaller.
When there is food, there are many problems. When there is no food, there is only one problem. -- Chinese Proverb
When there is no peril in the fight, there is no glory in the triumph. -- Pierre Corneille
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.'
When they came for the 2nd Amendment, I said nothing, for I owned no gun. Then the sixth was next to go, and I remained silent, as I was not on trial. They took away the fourth, and I said nothing, as I had nothing to hide. And then they came for the First, and I could say nothing. -- Jeff Burchell
When they say, "Will that be all?" snicker and say, "We'll find out, won't we?"
When things are going well, somebody will experiment detrimentally.
When things are going well, something will go wrong.
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
When things start to make sense, check your premises! -- Dan Shafer
When this officer opens her mouth, it seems that this is only to change whichever foot was previously in there.
When Transmeta unveiled their new CPU, it was the first time in a long time that a company that was not Intel finally admitted that if you're a CPU, and you want a zillion people to buy you, you gotta run x86 code. This after Hitachi, Motorola, IBM, MIPS, National Semiconductor, and who knows how many other companies deceived themselves into thinking that they had the right to invent a new instruction set. The Transmeta architecture assumes from day one that any business plan that calls for making a computer that doesn't run Excel is just not going anywhere. -- Joel Spolsky
When trouble arises and things look bad, there is always one individual who perceives a solution and is willing to take command. Very often, that individual is crazy. -- Dave Barry
When truth entails tremendous ruin, lies are pardoned.
When two men in a business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
When two people love eachother a very long time (six years or more), sometimes they kiss. And they kiss because they love eachother. Sometimes, after they kiss, a stork comes and brings a little baby. Of course, if you've only been together for 3 months, you just knocked your girlfriend up because you didn't use a condom. Right? -- Jamie Lerner
When two people make love, there are at least four people there. The two who are actually there, and the two they are thinking about. -- Sigmund Freud
When two well-formed strings are identical but for a knot at one end, then only ONE of them can have Buddha-nature. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
When uncertain, when in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
When walking through a melon patch, don't adjust your sandals. -- Chinese proverb
When was the last time you updated the quotes file? When was the last time you added something cool that I said? -- May Jawdat
When we are born we bear the seeds of blight; around us life and death are torn apart, yet a great ring of pure and endless light dazzles the darkness in my heart. -- Madeleine L'Engle
When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness. -- Vincent Starret
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary. -- Thomas Paine
When we ask advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice. -- Marquis de Lagrange
When we battle ourselves, if we wish to win we must outwit ourselves, and then, who won?
When we can begin to take our failures no-seriously, it means we are ceasing to be afraid of them. It is of immense importance to learn to laugh at ourselves. -- Katherine Mansfield
When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another. -- Helen Keller
When we forget ourselves, we usually do something that everyone else remembers.
When we get what we want, will we want what we have?
When we got into office, the first thing that surprised me most was to find that things were just as bad as we'd been saying they were. -- John F. Kennedy
When we kill animals to eat them, they end up killing us because their flesh, which contains cholesterol and saturated fat, was never intended for human beings, who are natural herbivores. -- William Clifford Roberts (M.D.)
When we see the whip, we hear the crack. -- Rugburns
When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.
When were you planning on telling me... on our honeymoon? Our first anniversary? When the kids started flying around the house? -- Lois and Clark
When will Microsoft "embrace & extend" porn? -- Scott Evans
When will you realize Vienna waits for you? -- Billy Joel
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. -- Elayne Boosler
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment. -- Warren Farrell
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands. -- H.L. Mencken
When working a problem, it helps to know the answer.
When writing gateway software of any kind, take pains to disturb the data stream as little as possible - and *never* throw away information unless the recipient forces you to! -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
When written in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. -- John F. Kennedy
When written in Chinese, the word crisis is composed of two characters. One represents danger and other represents opportunity. -- John F. Kennedy
When you ain't got nothin', you got nothin' to lose.
When you and your momma had an argument, it was a battle of the wits... Nit versus Dim. Then your dad joined, and it was Nit versus Dim verses Half.
When you appeal to force, there's one thing you must never do. Lose. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
When you are a Bear of Very Little Brain, and you Think of Things, you find sometimes that a Thing which seemed very Thingish inside you is quite different when it gets out into the open and has other people looking at it. -- A.A. Milne
When you are at Rome live in the Roman style; when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere. -- St. Ambrose
When you are day trading, if something sounds too good to be true, go for it. -- Andy Borowitz
When you are having a bad day, and it seems like everybody is trying to tick you off, that it takes 42 muscles to produce a frown, but only 4 muscles to work the trigger of a good sniper rifle.
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When you are right 90% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?
When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative. -- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.
When you are used to never being alone, you may consider yourself Americanized.
When you argue with a fool, chances are he is doing just the same.
When you assume you make an ASS out of U and ME. -- Bad News Bears
When you attain Nirvana you pun in the subconscious state. -- Mani Chandy
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself Americanized.
When you begin to coast, you know you're on the downgrade. -- Lords of Balance
When you breathe you inspire. When you don't breathe you expire.
When you can finish your paper in the middle of a good base ogg, you will be ready to leave the temple. -- Faisal Jawdat
When you cease to believe that you're Nobody and you begin to believe that you might be Somebody, this is considered proof of severe mental disturbance, and you become a candidate for sedation at this point, because usually the discovery that you're Somebody excites you into inappropriate states of arousal, which means you interfere with other people's being asleep, and you run around trying to inform them of the true nature of things.....The only conjuration against that developing into a problem is Humour. You have to have a completely jaundiced view of reality; you can't take anything seriously, including your own most serious constructs and expectations, because it is ultimately some kind of joke. -- Terence McKenna
When you cease to make a contribution, you begin to die. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
When you click on Violence, you get Sex -- Scott Berkun
When you come to the end of a perfect day... it probably isn't over yet.
When you dance with a bear, you can't slow down if you get tired. -- David Liddle
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
When you discard arrogance, complexity, and a few other things that get in the way, sooner or later you will discover that simple, childlike, and mysterious secret known to those of the Uncarved Block: Life is Fun. -- Benjamin Hoff (The Tao of Pooh)
When you discover you are dead, avoid driving a car.
When you do a good deed, get a receipt in case heaven is like the IRS.
When you do a good deed, get a receipt, in case heaven is like the IRS.
When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
When you don't have any money, the problem is food. When you have money, it's sex. When you have both, it's health. If everything is simply Jake, then you're frightened of death. -- J.P. Donleavy
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
When you don't know what to say, just smile. It won't make you any smarter, but it will be pleasant for others. -- from Nikita
When you eat the doughnut, not-you eats the hole.
When you enter a theater knowing full well you're in for two hours of numbing scatology, moronic repetition and Chevy Chase... all wrapped into one... you feel elated and lucky to simply leave the building alive. -- Mr. Cranky
When you enter this MU and there is no discontinuation, your attainment will be as a candle burning and illuminating the whole universe. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
When you fall in a river, you're no longer a fisherman; you're a swimmer. -- Gene Hill
When you finally discover all of Life's answers, they'll change the questions.
When you finally see light at the end of the tunnel, it will probably be a train coming toward you.
When you fully understand the frog, then you have attained enlightenment. -- Suzuki
When you get killed you lose an important part of your life. -- Brooke Shields
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet. -- Franklin P. Jones
When you get there, there's no there there.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on, and swing!
When you go after honey with a balloon, the great thing is not to let the bees know you're coming. -- AA Milne (Pooh)
When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges. -- Jack Handey
When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees. -- Kenneth Kaunda
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
When you go up to bat with bases loaded, and the coach says, "A walk is as good as a hit," what he really means is "We know you can't hit, so at least let them walk you." -- Richard Goodman
When you grow up playing Missile Command, you come to expect some kind of causal relationship between the choices you make and the images on the screen... videogames are perfect training for life in fin de siecle America, where daily existence demands the ability to parse sixteen kinds of information being fired at you simultaneously from telephones, televisions, fax machines, pagers, personal digital assistants, voice messaging systems, postal delivery, email, and the Internet... you have to recognize patterns in this whirl of data, and you have to do it fast. -- J.C. Herz
When you have a lot to do in a day, it's always best to get your nap out of the way first. -- Ann Landers
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. -- Sherlock Holmes (The Sign of Four)
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must have been caused by an incompetent grad student. -- Andrew Plotkin
When you have secured an area, don't forget to tell the enemy.
When you have shot and killed a man, you have in some measure clarified your attitude toward him. You have given a definite answer to a definite problem. For better or for worse, you have acted decisively. In a way the next move is up to him! -- Robert Heinlein
When you have the benefit of numbers, *never* pair off or go it alone. -- From A Horror Movie Character's Survival Guide
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite. -- Winston Churchill (On formal declarations of war)
When you haven't got enough iodine in your blood you get a glacier.
When you hear the word 'nonhomogeneous' do you feel queasy inside? -- Jerry Griffin
When you hire people who are smarter than you are, you prove you are smarter than they are. -- R.H. Grant
When you intuit, you make an int out of you and it. -- Brian Fitzgerald
When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection. -- The Ohio Mason
When you killed your daughter, your pulse never rose above normal. We're alike in that way, but my crimes will be grander, I assure you. One day I will put out the sun, and make bare every womb that ever was. -- Coty Wyckoff (Wild Palms)
When you know and respect your own Inner Nature, you know where you belong. You also know where you don't belong. -- Benjamin Hoff (The Tao of Pooh)
When you know the answer, my child, you will have achieved satori. If you do not find the answer, we just don't give a fuck. -- Ian York
When you know, you know; when you don't know, admit it.
When you light up an ant with a magnifying glass it may seem deliberate, but in the ant world, it's known as "spontaneous combustion." -- Simon Li
When you live in the shadow of insanity, the appearance of another mind that thinks and talks as yours does is something close to a blessed event. -- Robert Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers. -- The Wall Street Journal
When you mention something, if it's bad, it happens, if it's good, it goes away
When you open a new bag of cotton balls, is the top one meant to be thrown away?
When you put your head into the mortar, it is useless to dread the sound of the pestle.
When you reach an equilibrium in biology you're dead. -- Arnold Mandell
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out. -- Otto von Bismarck
When you sell a man a book, you don't sell him 12 ounces of paper and ink and glue -- you sell him a whole new life. -- Christopher Morley
When you sit with a nice girl for two hours, you think it's only a minute. But when you sit on a hot stove for a minute, you think it's two hours. That's relativity. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
When you start community-building, what you need to be able to present is a plausible promise. Your program doesn't have to work particularly well. It can be crude, buggy, incomplete, and poorly documented. What it must not fail to do is convince potential co-developers that it can be evolved into something really neat in the foreseeable future. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
When you step on the brake, do you put your life in your foot's hands? -- George Carlin
When you take stuff from one writer it's plagiarism; but when you take it from many writers, it's research. -- Wilson Mizner
When you talk about your troubles, your ailments, your diseases, your hurts, you give longer life to what makes you unhappy. Talking about your grievances merely adds to those grievances. Give recognition only to what you desire. Think and talk only about the good things that add to your enjoyment of your work and life. If you don't talk about your grievances, youUll be delighted to find them disappearing quickly. -- Thomas Dreier
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
When you wake up in the morning and nothing hurts, don't assume you're dead. You could have leprosy.
When you want something real bad... that is exactly the way you get it. -- William C. Lafield, Jr.
When you weigh the faults of others, do you put your thumb on the scale?
When you were born the doctor slapped your mother.
When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way, from your first cigarette to your last dying day! -- West Side Story
When you're done, you have something meaningful and attractive. When I'm done, I have a mess. -- Adam Rifkin
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, ``I'M DOWN AND OUT!''.
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, I'M DOWN AND OUT!
When you're flying through the air, remember to roll when you hit the ground. (Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence)
When you're in command, command.
When you're in love, you're at the mercy of a stranger.
When you're stripping you're not really taking off your clothes. You're putting on a costume that's called T&A. You're never naked. People don't go there to see a naked girl; they go there to see tits and ass and that's a costume. -- Annabel Chong
When you're swimming in the creek, And an eel bites your cheek, That's a moray!
When you're up to your butt in alligators, it's hard to remember that the initial objective was to drain the swamp.
When you've got it, give it to somebody else who doesn't want it.
When your 12-year old complains about conditions in the mines, you retort, "Try slaving over a hot craps table all day, kid!" -- Top 5
When your computer has a virus, DON'T use chicken soup
When your heart is in your dream, no request is too extreme. -- Jiminy Cricket
When your language is nowhere near Turing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
When your pet bird sees you reading the newspaper, does he wonder why you're just sitting there, staring at carpeting?
When your wife simply answers Nothing when you ask what's wrong, you're in deep trouble.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
When, in the opinion of the umpire, the game is boring and the umpire has not recently asserted his authority, a balk may be called at a randomly selected pitch with runners on base.
When's the planned date to get everything on-line? (Yipe, somehow I've turned into a end-user. Shoot me now.) -- J.P. LaFond
Whence and what art thou, execrable shape? -- John Milton
Whenever A annoys or injures B on the pretense of saving or improving X, A is a scoundrel. -- H.L. Mencken
Whenever a woman dies there is one less quarrel in the world. -- German Proverb
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean, "not really." -- Dave Parnas
Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with? -- Rita Rudner
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul... then I account it high time that I get to sea as soon as I can. -- Herman Melville (Moby Dick)
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally. -- Abraham Lincoln
Whenever I hear Soul Asylum, I want to dive right down into the mosh pit. -- David Letterman
Whenever I hear you saying, Rise and shine, rise and shine, it makes me think how lucky dead people are! -- Orson Scott Card (Treasure Box)
Whenever I order alphabet soup I also order a waffle, so I can do the crossword puzzle.
Whenever I see a dalmatian, I ask him what his number is...
Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny. -- Jack Handey
Whenever I start getting sad about where I am in my life, I think about the last words of my favorite uncle: "A truck!"
Whenever I talk, I offer my two cents worth, but I only offer a penny for your thoughts.
Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff. -- Mariah Carey
Whenever I wear plaid, I listen to KROQ in Los Angeles.
Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I've never tried. -- Mae West
Whenever I'm driving through the desert, and I see a roadrunner, I run it over and say, "That's for the coyote!" I don't really like the coyote, but it's a good excuse to run over things. -- Craig Stacey
Whenever my developer studio finishes a compile, it plays a gun-cocking sound. It's very satisfying; I'm all ready to shoot myself in the foot. -- Bruce Sherrod
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong. -- Oscar Wilde
Whenever the HotWired engineers start taking me too seriously, I just ask them if they want to look at my JavaScript code. -- Paul Boutin
Whenever the subject comes up on what is or is not good music I always recall what Charlie Parker said when asked how can you tell good jazz from bad jazz... "If it sounds good, it is good" Then I smile wryly and start knocking gobbets of flesh out of people with a full auto shotgun with belt box feeder. ahhh... gobbets. -- Chris Rapier
Whenever there has been talk of exterminating rats, others, who were not rats, have been exterminated. -- Gunter Grass
Whenever they burn books they will also, in the end, burn human beings. -- Heinrich Heine
Whenever two people think alike on everything, then one person is unnecessary.
Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, "Certainly I can!"... and get busy and find out how to do it. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Whenever you fall, pick something up. -- Oswald Theodore Avery
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. -- Mark Twain
Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right there, in the room talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good books. -- Jack Handey
Whenever you set out to do something, something else must be done first.
Where are all those people who ARE spring chickens and who would ACTUALLY hurt a fly?
Where are we going and what's with this handbasket? -- Rachel Goldsmith
Where are we going and why am I in this handbasket?
Where are we going? And why are we in this handbasket?
Where are we going? Western Psych! When will we get there? Real soon! -- Will Frank
Where are we going?... and why am I in this handbasket?
Where are we? What if they held a war and Nameer drew all the maps? -- Nameer Jawdat
Where are we?
Where can I get some arrack? -- Robert Harley
Where can you find a good lawyer? In the cemetery.
Where did houseplants live before houses were invented?
Where do 'cannot' and 'must' meet on the graph? -- Robot monster
Where do cousins come from? Aunt holes! -- Redd Foxx
Where do diamonds come from? The jewelry store? -- Angus McPhee
Where do forest rangers go to "get away from it all"?
Where do I get my material? My mother taps telephone wires.
Where do professional ice skaters get that AWFUL music?
Where do suckers come from? Anywhere from Yale to jail. Promoters use our instinctive responses against us.
Where do they find these lunatics? I think he's from Stanford. -- Golden Years
Where do you find such stupid blokes? This weenie shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a gedankenexperiment without a license! -- Rohit Khare
Where do you fit into the food chain?
Where does a ten ton eagle sleep? Anywhere he pleases.
Where does virgin wool come from? Ugly sheep.
Where education with dedication begins, greatness is always possible. -- J.H. Simon
Where he learned to wield a claw-hammer with such force is a mystery that remains to be answered... -- Megan Coughlin
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will. -- John Kenneth Galbraith
Where I come from, when a Catholic marries a Lutheran it is considered the first step on the road to Minneapolis. -- Garrison Keillor
Where is the tagline supposed to go???
Where it's at, I got two turntables and a microphone. -- Beck
Where much is expected from an individual, that individual may rise to the level of events and make the dream come true. -- Elbert Hubbard
Where others crouched and crawled and prayed, I stand the self-doomed unafraid. -- James Joyce
Where quality is just a word we like to use.
Where sex is concerned, fire is a bad thing. Pubic hair burns too damn well. -- John Dobbin
Where the heck did all of these Indians come from? -- General Custard
Where the hell are the singing cats? -- Paul Newman to David Letterman
Where the hell is /usr/hippo?
Where the hell is Omak?
Where the hell is this God of yours? -- Forrest Gump
Where the hell is Wall Drug?
Where the sun rises, but doesn't always shine.
Where the system is concerned, you are not allowed to ask Why?
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask Why?.
Where the Unicorn has eaten from a living tree, those branches shall bear fruits even more abundantly.
Where there is a will, there is an Inheritance Tax.
Where there is an income tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same income. -- Plato
Where there is much light there is also much shadow. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Where there's a whip there's a way.
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
Where there's life there's hope.
Where were the animal rights people when Joe Camel was killed?
Where would Christianity be if Jesus got eight to fifteen years with time off for good behavior? -- NY state Sen. James Donovan (speaking in support of capital punishment)
Where you come from is gone. Where you thought you were going to, wasn't ever there. And where you are, ain't no good unless you can get away from it.
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
Where, unwilling, dies the rose, buds the new, another year. -- Dorothy Parker
Where's the beef?
Where's your crown, King Nothing? -- Metallica
Whereas 20 years ago TV production was the work of many non-affiliated entities, today approximately 90 per cent of what is seen on the 6 networks during prime time belongs to General Electric, Time-Warner, Disney, News Corporation, Viacom, CBS, Sony, and Universal.
Whereas women want one man to satisfy their every need, men want every woman to satisfy their one need.
Wherever he is, he's got about a quart of spoiled bean curd in his belly. -- Drew Carey
Wherever there is a human being, there is a opportunity for kindness. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Wherever there was trouble, it reminded them of me.
wherever you go, there you are.
Whether entertaining friends or nursing a hangover, ALWAYS REACH FOR JACK DANIELS OLD No. 7...
Whether they ever find life there or not, I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet. -- Jack Handey
Whether they give or refuse, women are glad to have been asked. -- Ovid
Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make. -- Heathers
Whether women are better than men I cannot say, but I can say they are certainly no worse. -- Golda Meir
Whether you are quiet and ALIVE or quiet and DEAD makes no difference to CEREBUS. -- Cerebus the Aardvark
Whether you can hear it or not, The Universe is laughing behind your back.
Whether you think you can, or whether you think you can't... you are right. -- Henry Ford
Whether you're illustrating documentation for your corporate intranet, or leaking confidential pictures of developmental software to rumors sites on the web, Snapz Pro is the time-saver that all PowerUsers must have in their arsenal. -- Snapz Pro press release
Whether your faith is that there is a God or that there is not a God, if you don't have any doubts you are either kidding yourself or asleep. -- Frederick Buechner
Which came first, the missionary or the missionary position? -- Jeffrey J. Merrick (Cabin Pressure, The Sun, May 1994)
Which came first: the Big Bang or the Egg?
Which fissure in your ass did you coax that out of? -- John Dobbin
Which is not a complete sentence, but merely a subordinate clause.
Which is taller, a short order cook or a small engine mechanic? -- George Carlin (Brain Droppings)
Which is worse ignorance or apathy? Who knows? Who cares!
Which is worse, ignorance or apathy? Who knows? Who cares!
Which lunch came first: the chicken salad or the egg salad?
Which of the Himalayas is the shortest?
Which ones are the pillow biters? -- PCU
Which part of "I CAN'T DO THAT IN 2 HOURS!" didn't you understand?! -- Chris Hanson
Which proves my overriding theory: Germans love David Hasselhoff. -- Norm McDonald
Which then gets recycled back to earth in the form of infinite monkeys. Or us, if we can outbid them on the next contract. -- Adam Rifkin
Which word didn't you understand? -- Real Genius
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
While coding remains an essentially solitary activity, the really great hacks come from harnessing the attention and brainpower of entire communities. The developer who uses only his or her own brain in a closed project is going to fall behind the developer who knows how to create an open, evolutionary context in which bug-spotting and improvements get done by hundreds of people. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
While drunk, O'Brien builds a leprechaun transporter.
While Eeyore frets, and Piglet hesitates, and Rabbit calculates, and Owl pontificates, Pooh just is. -- Benjamin Hoff
While Federated's mail seems to be working, I will send a quick message to prove I am still alive. Help! I'm trapped in a huge financial company with intermittent email! Send MIS professionals immediately! -- Elliott Evans
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
While I agree that FAT is the twisted spawn of Satan, "more and more stuff is likely to work with NT as time progresses", and fifty cents, will buy you a (shitty) cup of coffee. -- Dan Martinez
While I am busy with little things, I'm not required to do greater things. -- St. Francis de Sales
While I can now say that it _is_ true that you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar (actually didn't catch _any_ with vinegar, but I only decided at the last minute to try it), I am here to tell you that you can catch _a lot_ of flies, _very quickly_, with a high-powered vacuum cleaner. -- Tony Tribby
While I don't claim to be a great programmer, I try to imitate one. An important trait of the great ones is constructive laziness. They know that you get an A not for effort but for results, and that it's almost always easier to start from a good partial solution than from nothing at all. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
While I was hunting around the web I found this handy tidbit, on a do-it-yourself parabolic mirror solar cooker which can be constructed for $3 out of woven bamboo, clay and dung, along with mustard oil and rice husk. Complete with pictures of Nepalese natives constructing the parabolic cooker from native materials. -- Jim Whitehead
While I'm fully aware that money can't buy happiness, I wouldn't mind being known as "the melancholy guy who drives the red Lamborghini Diablo." -- George Olson
While in jail the prisoner worked on his alibiography.
While it is true that not all the victims were Jews, it is true that all of the Jews were victims. -- Elie Wiesel
While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove. -- Edward Stevenson
While it's obvious (to me, at least) that while the real solution to some of the environmental issues we're facing is to at least go for zero population growth, a first step might be to work towards not growing our huge population centers in the middle of the desert and then importing the lacking resources at the expense of ecologies hundreds of miles around. This isn't to say that there aren't advantages for developments such as LA. Concentrating the types of people who actually like smog-filled valleys, non-native foliage and awful sprawling suburbs near fault lines is a good thing. -- Dan Lyke
While man has a sex, woman is a sex. -- Elizabeth Belfort Bax
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
While my duties as a serf are not onerous, involving mostly turnip-gathering, wood-hewing, pig-minding and the maintenance of a large object-oriented DBMS written in C++, and I have no real reason to complain of my lot in life, you will understand if I am not immediately in a position to take advantage of the possibilities offered by your no doubt excellent handbook. -- Angus McIntyre
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, another is busy making mistakes and becoming superior. -- Henry C. Link
While painting: "One for the wall, one for me, one for the wall, ..." -- Top 5
While people dream of flying, birds dream of rollerblading.
While the Bill of Rights burns, Congress fiddles.
While the foundation of romance is a serious love, the nature of romance is lighthearted.
While the perspective of Keane as crossbreed between new journalist and contemporary social realist finds much support in the text of this novel, delving deeper into its construction reveals a subtext rooted in a much older philosophical vein. The juxtaposition of the notion of "backwardness" and the visuals of mundaneness is an attempt at the deconstruction of Sartre's original project of the systematization of the existentialist movement. While many contend that Sartre's attempt to force the notions of absurdity and being and time into a finite defined system killed the original essence of existentialism, Keane has proven that a self-aware dialectic of the absurd can rekindle the original existential realization that inspired Kierkegaard and his adherents. However, the recurring symbolism of the backward-hat-that-is-not-the-true-backward-hat at times becomes ponderous and loses its impact of absurdity, not unlike the human condition when viewed through lenses of everydayness. Keane needs to expand his symbolic vocabulary if he is to truly express his resolution of Heidegger's dilemma without degenerating into a trivialization of the uniqueness of humanity's temporal experience. -- unknown amazon.com reader
While there's life, there's hope. -- Cicero (43 BC)
While today's digital hardware is extremely impressive, it is clear that the human retina's real time performance goes unchallenged. Actually to simulate 10 milliseconds of the complete processing of even a single nerve cell from the retina would require the solution of about 500 simultaneous nonlinear differential equations 100 times and would take at least several minutes of time on a Cray supercomputer. Keeping in mind that there are 10 million or more such cells interacting with each other in complex ways, it would take a minimum of 100 years of Cray time to simulate what takes place in your eye many times each second. -- John K. Stevens ("Reverse Engineering the Brain", Byte)
While trying to answer this question, I got a blue screen and had to reboot my system. I think there's a lesson there for all of us. -- Dan Martinez
While undergrads are more intelligent than kindergarten students, the mentality and attention span is similar.
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions. -- Stephen Covey
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
While you struggle with that computer, I'm naked, clueless, and f-e-e-e-ling GOOD! -- Ratbert
While you're at it, leave a nightlight on inside the birdhouse in your soul. -- They Might Be Giants
While you're filling out your evaluations, think about how nice I've been. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
Whining is anger through a small opening. -- Stuart Smalley
Whip me, beat me, make me write bad checks.
Whirlpool's mother wore a jacket she had sewn out of dental floss. It was stolen by a monkey who sold it to an albatross. -- Meat Puppets
WHISTLER'S LAW: You never know who's right, but you always know who's in charge.
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
White men can't hold their bladders. -- Rohit Khare
White people, can't live with them, can't eat them. -- Whoopi Goldberg
Whitworth gives out three undergrad degrees: BA, BS, and MRS. -- Bill Ginn
Who are we? We find that we live on an insignificant planet of a humdrum star lost in a galaxy tucked away in some forgotten corner of a universe in which there are far more galaxies than people. -- Carl Sagan
Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes? -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Who are you, why is this posted to our mailing list, what makes you think we care and... for extra bonus points! Compare and constrast the rise of Byzantine civilization with the Toltec-Olmec transitory period (proper usgae of the terms meso-america, cultural drift, weasel and rich creamery butter is necessary for a passing grade). -- Chris Rapier
Who ARE you? I'm Batman. -- Michael Keaton
Who are you?
Who begins too much accomplished little. -- German Proverb
Who calls out names in bed? Is this like a role call of sorts? -- John Dobbin
Who can find a virtuous woman? For her price is far above rubies. -- King Solomon (Proverbs 31:10)
Who can say what this is without calling its name? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Who can say what's around the corner?
Who cares anyway?
Who cares for you? said Alice. You're nothing but a pack of cards!
Who cares if it doesn't do anything? It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process.
Who cares if it doesn't do anything? It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...
Who cares who's on board?
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past. -- George Orwell
Who died and made you the universe's accountant? -- Megan Coughlin
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
Who entereth herein, a conqueror hath bin; who slayeth the dragon, the shield he shall win. -- Edgar Allen Poe (Fall of the House of Usher)
Who glued the cup to the table?
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
Who gossips to you will gossip of you.
Who had I become? Just another shark in a suit. Breakdown? Breakthrough. -- Jerry Maguire
Who is John Galt?
Who is rich? One who is happy with what he has... -- Talmud
Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? The Shadow...
Who lives by the sword shall die by the sword. -- Matthew
Who lives content with little possesses everything.
Who made the world I cannot tell; 'tis made, and here am I in hell. My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed. -- A.E. Housman
Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?
Who needs a computer when you've got balls? -- Des Lynam
Who needs a house out in Hackensack?
Who needs acid when you're high on life? Who needs life when you're high on acid? -- Tzufit Ram
Who needs companionship when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
Who needs foresight when you've got apathy? -- Hugh Moore
Who needs friends when you can just sit around and drink?
Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink? -- Geoff Spear
Who needs oxygen? You'll just spit it out as carbon dioxide anyway. -- John Dobbin
Who needs rhetorical questions?
Who needs script kiddies when you have backhoes? -- Dan Hollis
Who needs teenagers anyway? All they do is get baked and watch TV. -- Baked Potatoes
Who reformatted the root disk?
Who remembers when it all began out here in No Man's Land? -- Billy Joel
Who rocks? I never watch the red-green-blue box. -- Ari Rapkin
Who said personal expression has to be emotional and agonizing? Just use a computer. It's easy. -- The Corporation
Who tackles all the big issues even more efficiently and succinctly than the Bible does? The band Yes, of course. -- Suck
Who the Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, anyway?
Who the fuck do they think they're kidding? Posturepedic Support indeed. In stupidity quotient, that's right up there with the Retsyn(TM) in Certs, also known by the more mundane name of "artificial flavors". -- Ted Metzler
Who to himself is law no law doth need, offends no law, and is a king indeed.
Who was Bruce Clarke?
Who was Dan Walsh?
Who was Dave Cardinal?
Who was Evan Adams?
Who was Frank Suchomel?
Who was Jim Voll?
Who was Karl Danz?
Who was Lorrie Duval?
Who was Mark Linton?
Who was Steve Saperstein?
Who was Tom Lyon?
Who watches the watchers?
Who were the Beta Testers for Preparations A through G?
Who will condemn the hatred of evil that springs from the love of what is good and just? -- Menachem Begin
Who will not dig for his neighbor's weeds, in his own green garden will find their seeds.
Who won the Gulf War? The oil companies.
Who would you rather meet? Kylie or Billie Joe? Let me rephrase. Who would you rather meet? A gorgeous twentysomething starlet with ample breasts, a great smile and from all accounts the nicest woman you could ever meet? Or a guy who spits on stage and tries to catch it in his mouth? Wow, that's a toughy. -- John Dobbin
Who wouldn't be interested in everything we do?! -- Calvin
Who wouldn't want a good girl, a soft hand, a gentle woman for a gentleman? He said, 'It's been fine so far but after awhile I want more than a soft style. I want some slashes to go with those long eyelashes.' -- Recoil (Breath Control)
Who's ever written the great work about the great effort required in order NOT to create? -- Slacker
Who's FICA? Why's he getting my money? -- Friends
Who's General Failure and why's he reading my disk?
Who's gonna kiss your Memphis mouth when I'm out in the wind? -- Bob Dylan (Kingsport Town)
Who's on first, what's on second, and I don't know's on third. -- Bud Abbott
Who's on first?
Who's scruffy looking?
Who's the more foolish... the fool, or the fool who follows him? -- Obi Wan Kenobi
Who's using the family brain cell? -- Blackadder IV
Whoa! A toilet, cool! I wonder if there's a turd inside it. -- Butt-head
Whoa, [Need For Speed is] just like real life. I wreck my Viper while talking to a girl. -- Chris Heiser
Whoever dies with the most toys, wins.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. -- Nietsche
Whoever named it necking was a poor judge of anatomy. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Whoever pats scorpions with the hand of compassion gets stung.
Whoever said talk is cheap never hired a lawyer.
Whoever saves one life saves the world entire. -- Schindler's List
Whoever wins will be the evil of two lessers.
Whoever would have guessed a hangover was so conducive to the psychic emanations of the universe? -- Stephen King (The Tommyknockers)
Whom are you? said he, for he had been to night school.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
Whom the gods destroy, they first teach Windows...
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods. -- Bernard Levin
Whooosh! If only they knew what I was up to.
WHOOPS! FORGOT to MENTION my PANTS! -- Paul Mazaitis
Whoops, I formatted the root disk.
Whoops, stepped on a frog.
Whoops. Sorry. I didn't realize that; I hit reply, and pasted in my solution a half-hour later. Anything you'd like by way of apology? -- Rohit Khare
Whoso would be a man must be a nonconformist. -- Emerson
Whosoever diggeth a pit shall falleth therein.
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god. -- Francis Bacon
Why *are* there so many songs about rainbows?
Why *DO* joe-mails have all that garbage in the headers? -- Ron Resnick
Why a PAIR of panties and a bra, when a panty and a PAIR of bras seems more appropriate?
Why am I the only one who has that dream? -- Real Genius
Why am I the only person who seems to like chunky peanut butter?
Why are all dumb blonde jokes one liners? So men can understand them.
Why are apartments so close together?
Why are builders afraid to have a 13th floor but book publishers aren't afraid to have a Chapter 11?
Why are Chinese fortune cookies written in English?
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
Why are elves chaotic? Brownian motion.
Why are extrapolations of verb forms tenses? Grammaticians should loosen their ties a little. -- Adam Rifkin
Why are hailstones always the size of something else?
Why are people so unkind? -- Kamahl
Why are stamps adorned with kings and presidents? That we may lick their hinder parts and thump their heads. -- Howard Nemerov (contemporary US poet)
Why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
Why are there more horse's asses than there are horses?
Why are there no black M&amp;M's?
Why are there no blue M and M's?
Why are there no blue M&amp;M's?
Why are there no blue M&M's?
Why are there no flavored marshmellows? -- Rohit Khare
Why are there no fuchsia M&amp;M's?
Why are there no grey M&amp;M's?
Why are there no lavender M&amp;M's?
Why are there no mauve M&amp;M's?
Why are there no pink M&amp;M's?
Why are there no polka dot M&amp;M's?
Why are there no purple M&amp;M's?
Why are there no red M&amp;M's?
Why are there no tan M&amp;M's?
Why are there no white M&amp;M's?
Why are there only 49 contestants in the Miss Ebonics USA Contest? Nobody wants to stand up and say Idaho.
Why are there so many actors in this movie?
Why are they called `skinheads' when they're really boneheads? -- Harlan Ellison
Why are they called loose leaf binders? If they are bound, are they no longer loose?
Why are they called one-night *stands* when the participants are usually lying down?
Why are we making small talk when we could be making big love? -- Blackadder IV
Why are we more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
Why are you sending me mail about Steve Perry and Journey? The bathroom is all the way down the hall. -- Megan Coughlin
Why are you so petrified of silence? -- Alanis Morissette
Why are you talking like a Batman villain? -- John Dobbin
Why are you wasting your time reading taglines?
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why be a song when you can be a symphony? Don't give your power away, don't give your power away. -- Booth and the Bad Angel
Why be difficult when with a bit of effort you can be impossible?
why be difficult, when, with a bit of effort, you can be impossible
Why bother phoning a psychic? Let them phone you
Why bother wasting the space of a few hundred calories on this shite? If your gonna get fat on something, make it worth the pain... Now, scotch eggs and NortWestern Biscuts and Gravy... thats something to get bulky over. -- tomwhore
Why bother with marriage? Just find a woman you hate and buy her a house!
Why buy a product that it takes 2000 flushes to get rid of?
Why buy shampoo when real poo is still free?
Why can a bird fly, but a fly cannot bird?
Why can so many people relate to Homer Simpson? -- Robert Harley
Why can you comb through the annals of history but not just one annal?
Why can't life's big problems come when we are twenty and know everything?
Why can't some people take a joke? Well, maybe because they're honest, and the joke doesn't belong to them. -- Matt Diamond
Why can't the Jews and the Arabs just sit down and settle this like good Christians?
Why can't the station get new urine cakes? -- Howard Stern
Why can't we just shoot him in the head. Can we do that? Just shoot him, right in the head. God help me... -- Mark Williams
Why can't we just spell it orderves?
Why can't women put the toilet seat back up?
Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
Why couldn't you make me an architect? You know I always wanted to pretend that I was an architect. -- Seinfeld
Why did Kamikaze pilots wear helmets?
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility?
Why did the muffler go to bed? Because it was exhausted.
Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is the Latin for office automation?
Why did they hang the picture? They couldn't find the artist.
Why did you bring that book that I didn't want to be read to out of up for?
Why do all Snapple juices taste the same? Are they the ZZ Tops of fruit juices? -- Rumman Gaffur
Why do bachelors like smart women? Opposites attract.
Why do banks chain down their ink pens? They never work, so why would anyone want them?
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
Why do both our feet point in the same direction? If our feet were a Christmas tree stand, that tree would be on the floor.
Why do dogs stick their noses in women's crotches? Because they can.
Why do fish swim in a vertical position? If I were a fish, I guess I would take advantage of it to roam upside down.
Why do fools fall in love? To get to the other side. -- Jonathan Colan
Why do grep, fgrep, and egrep take different options and implement slightly different semantics for the phrase "regular expressions"? Who is in charge here? -- Unix-Haters Handbook
Why do grocery stores have 12 to 15 registers but never operate more than three?
Why do handicapped people masturbate with just one hand? They need the other one for moaning.
Why do hummingbirds hum? They can't remember the words.
Why do I get bananas? They're good for *one* day... -- Seinfeld
Why do I get the feeling you ate your cynic wheaties today?
Why do I have to debate guys who are gonna lose? -- Howard Stern
Why do I never learn? There's the good, and there's the bad, and they never come separated. -- Rohit Khare",
Why do I suspect want was wanton here? -- Adam Rifkin
Why do jumbo eggs keep getting smaller every year?
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
Why do men like love at first sight? It saves them a lot of time.
Why do men wear ties? Directions to our brains.
Why do people always bring casseroles over when there's a funeral? Does the corpse feel better knowing his survivors are eating glop? -- Seinfeld
Why do people call Wednesdays `hump day' when people usually get laid on Fridays? -- Jack Handey
Why do people think that the law should be set aside just because it is inconvenient? -- Richard Goodman
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
Why do signs say "Watch Your Head"? That's impossible.
Why do so many women who have pretty blond hair dye their roots brown?
Why do steam irons have a permanent press setting?
Why do the consciences of young people not rebel against this situation, especially against the moral evil which flows from personal choices? -- Pope John Paul II
Why do the Kennedy men cry after sex? MACE.
Why do they call golf clubs drivers if they just sit in the back of the cart?
Why do they call it a TV set if you only get one?
Why do they call it a TV set when you only get one?
Why do they call such a childish act adultery, anyhow? -- Adam Rifkin
Why do they call them briefings when they take SO LONG?
Why do they can soda at a bottling plant?
Why do they have mailboxes in front of the post office? I mean, you're already there...
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
Why do they report power outages on TV?
Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
Why do we drive on a parkway and park in a driveway?
Why do we feel it's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable? That's wwhen you know you've found someone really special... when you can just shut the fuck up for a minute and comfortably share the silence. -- Pulp Fiction
Why do we fill in a form by filling it out?
Why do we get paid more for a sperm donation than for a blood one? Because it's hand made.
Why do we have noses that run and feet that smell?
Why do we have two eyes? To watch 3-D movies!
Why do we like sports or movies? It's just incredible that a trillion-synapse computer could actually spend Saturday afternoon watching a football game. It's a colossal phenomenon that needs to be explained, and I'm not joking. -- Marvin Minsky
Why do we recite at a play and play at a recital?
Why do we ship by car and send cargo by ship?
Why do we study poverty instead of wealth?
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
Why do we wash BATH TOWELS. Aren't we clean when we use them?
Why do women apply mascara with their MOUTH open?
Why do women fake orgasms??? Because they think men care!
Why do you have so much quickness of movement if not to avoid responsibility?
Why do you humans only think in three dimensions?
Why do you never see a solar powered flashlight or a waterproof sponge?
Why do you think the 7-11 big Gulp and Big Bite hot dog is called the "breakfast of champions"? -- Richard Goodman
Why do you think they call it find?
Why does a cowboy need two spurs? I mean, if one side of the horse goes, so does the other, right?
Why does a house burn up as it burns down?
Why does a man have a clear conscience? Because it's never used.
Why does a writer write, but fingers don't fing?
Why does a writer write, but grocers don't groc?
Why does a writer write, but hammers don't ham?
Why does a writer write, but humdingers don't hum?
Why does asprin come in a child proof container, and bullets come in a cardboard box?
Why does everyone ask me to validate their invalid thoughts? -- Adam Rifkin
Why does he have to do the Roots thing? Aren't we good enough parents? -- Flirting with Disaster
Why does love got to be so sad?
Why does moisture ruin leather? Aren't cows outside a lot of the time? When it's raining, do cows go up to the farmhouse, "Let us in! We're all wearing leather! Open the door! We're going to ruin the whole outfit here!" -- Jerry Seinfeld
Why does my beard grow faster during a full moon?
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant? I'm halfway through my fishburger and I realize, 'Oh my God. I could be eating a slow learner.' -- Dennis Miller
Why does sour cream have an expiration date? Does it become fresh?
Why does the sun come up, or are the stars just pinholes in the curtain of night? -- Highlander
Why does the US still have a communist party even though Russia doesn't?
Why does the word "one" start with an "o" and the word "two" contain a "w"? Did the "w" from "one" fall down to "two"?
Why does there seem to be a direct proportion between how wet and dirty a dog is and how affectionate he is?
Why does your alarm clock go off by going on?
Why doesn't Super Glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Why don't blind people bungee jump? It scares their dogs.
Why don't elephants eat penguins? Because they can't get the wrappers off.
Why don't minimalists find a shorter name for themselves? -- Ron Dippold
Why don't polar bears eat penguins? They can't get the silver paper off.
Why don't sharks attack lawyers? Professional courtesy.
Why don't strip malls have strip clubs? -- Richard Goodman
Why don't the Japanese live in the mountains? Certainly, they could; apparently they just don't want to.
Why don't we get drunk and (Thud)...
Why don't we work on Labor Day?
Why don't you be the first man in your family NOT to use that word, and then we'll let you live. -- Jerry Maguire
Why don't you come on over here, sit on my lap, and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up? (Pick up line)
Why don't you come over to my place? I've got a bathtub full of MAYONAISE! -- Jeff Magnuson
Why don't you do the world a favor and pull your lip over your head and swallow? -- Grumpy Old Men
Why don't you find yourself a nice knothole somewhere and shut up? -- Tim Pierce
Why don't you go play in the food processor?
Why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here? -- Biff
Why don't you point that Generation Xray at yourself? -- Adam Rifkin
Why don't you pool your IQs and just come as one idiot next time?
Why don't you start neglecting your appearance? Then maybe it'll go away.
Why get married and make one man miserable when I can stay single and make thousands miserable? -- Carrie Snow
Why is abbreviated such a long word?
Why is abbreviation such a long word?
Why is American beer served cold? So you can tell it from urine. -- David Moulton
Why is easy listening so hard to listen to?
Why is everything I say so dumb? -- Sarah Cullen
Why is it all done in hardware? -- Douglas Adams (Mostly Harmless)
Why is it called rush hour if it's so damn slow?
Why is it every time I write 'f', you see 'k'? -- Soupy Sales
Why is it legal to have sex with a woman after buying her jewelry and a fur coat, but you can't just give her cash?
Why is it that cancelling an ftp transfer almost always involves closing the connection? Why is that? ANSWER: BECAUSE THE FUCKERS WHO WRITE UNIX SOFTWARE ARE SHITHEADS. -- Robert Rodgers
Why is it that I was pregnant for nine months, in labor for two days, breast fed for six months, and all my kid can say is Da-da?
Why is it that no matter how far i travel and how light i pack, my neuroses always seem to catch up with me? -- Josh Glazer
Why is it that our memory is good enough to retain the least triviality that happens to us, and yet not good enough to recollect how often we have told it to the same person? -- La Rochefoucauld
Why is it that the newspapers you spread on the floor to catch paint spills are such fascinating reading?
Why is it that the nuttiest people define reality? -- Dilbert
Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are horses? -- G. Gordon Liddy
Why is it that we don't recognize the moment love begins, but we always know when it ends? -- LA Story
Why is it that we entertain the belief that for every purpose odd numbers are the most effectual? -- Pliny the Elder
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved. -- Mark Twain
Why is it that when a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment, but when a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95/minute?
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio? Is it to hone in on your target with undisturbed radar?
Why is it that whenever a man talks dirty to a womyn it is sexual harassment, but when a woman talks dirty to a man it is $4.50 per minute?
Why is it that wrong numbers are never busy?
Why is it you never see the headline PSYCHIC WINS LOTTERY?
Why is it, whenever you are holding all the cards, it turns out you happen to be playing chess?
Why is letter E is like death? Because it comes at the end of life.
Why is ML so FUCKING INCONSISTENT with regard to it's use of SEMICOLONS? things to do to the inventor of ml: make him learn to breathe recursively. need large tank of water, heavy weights, baseball bat -- Robert Rodgers
Why is psychoanalysis easier for men? When it is time to go back to his childhood, he is already there.
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
Why is the definition of the word "dictionary" in a dictionary? Don't they know what they're reading?
Why is the symbol for anarchy always written the same way?
Why is the word "little" twice as big as the word "big"?
Why is there a watermelon on the bandsaw?
Why is there never a camcorder around when you need one? -- The Mask
Why is there no video rental delivery? -- Rohit Khare
Why is there pain and misery in the world?... Why is the sky blue? Why is water wet? Why didn't Microsoft even put in a word count? These things are unknowable. -- Douglas Adams
Why is this thus? What is the reason for this thusness? -- Artemus Ward
Why is tuna the chicken of the sea, but pork is never called the salmon of the barnyard?
Why isn't "palindrome" spelled "palindromeemordnilap"?
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet? There is a name for them: the dorsum or dorsal pedis. -- Rich Laherty
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet? -- Lily Tomlin
Why isn't there an explosion when you pour gasoline on fire ants?
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food?
Why jump over tall buildings, when you can lift them up and walk under?
Why kill time when one can employ it? -- French proverb
Why mess with perfection??
Why must I feel like that? Why must I chase the cat? -- George Clinton
Why not drink a whole bottle of battery acid, and THEN get swallowed by a python? Boy, the joke's on him! -- Barbara Rush
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Why only love men, when there are many other animals in the world?
Why sex is so popular is easy to see. It contains no sodium, and it's cholesterol free!
Why should anyone take advice on their sexual life from the Pope? If the man knows anything about the subject, he shouldn't! -- George Bernard Shaw
Why should I bother to fly when I cannot breathe beyond the sky?
Why should my liberty be restricted by another man's conscience? -- I Corinthians (10:29)
Why should one always make people happy? It might be a good idea to scare them once in awhile. -- Ingmar Bergman (The Seventh Seal)
Why should we have a 'work ethic' if employers don't have a 'pay ethic'? -- Barbara Ehrenreich
Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity? -- Ronald Reagan
Why shouldn't things be largely absurd, futile, and transitory? They are so, and we are so, and they and we go very well together. -- George Santayana
Why stop now? Just when I'm hating it. -- Marvin
Why this crazy little thing called a universe? I think it's a grand experiment, with a not-so-grand result: if you make sentient creatures, they will suffer. It's inevitable. -- Adam Rifkin
Why USA fails? Radio Shack=USA's Technology Store
Why was I born with such contemporaries? -- Oscar Wilde
Why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same entropy to create bugs instead? -- Steve Elias
Why waste time learning when ignorance is instantaneous.
Why were so many famous Civil War battles fought on National Park Sites?
Why women are the way they are? They never got out of Alpha.
Why won't sharks attack lawyers? Professional courtesy.
Why won't Windows work on my Macintosh?
Why worry about tomorrow when today is so far off.
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is so far off?
Why Yawning Is Contagious: You yawn to equalize the pressure on your eardrums. This pressure change outside your eardrums unbalances other people's ear pressures, so they must yawn to even it out.
Why yes, Bill. Clicking 'Start' to shut down makes perfect sense. Such genius! Such vision! -- Jonathan W. Hendry on the somewhat counter-intuitive Windows 95 shutdown procedure
Why yes, they are Bugle Boy beans.
Why yesh offisher I've been drinking but thatsh wash owersh ago. -- Robert Harley
Why, I'd horse-whip you if I had a horse. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Why'd you get an F? It's very simple, my dear. We don't give Z's!
Widow, n.: A woman with an angel for a husband.
Widows are not the only people who have late husbands.
Wiener, n.: The first to cross the line in a Mexican horse race.
Wife-Swapping, n.: A type of sexual fourplay.
Wiker's Law: Government expands to absorb all available revenue and then some.
Wilcox's Law: A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
Wilderness begins in the human mind. -- Edward Abbey
will be illegible.
will build dynamic routing meshes for food -- Vijay Gill
Will hack Perl code in spite of what my boss might say. -- rensin@Glue.umd.edu
Will had a fortune the other day, but he forgot it.
Will Rogers never met a lawyer.
Will starve for food. Doesn't work. -- Ari Rapkin
Will the information superhighway have any rest stops?
Will Windows 3.1 come with a Hard Drive?
Will work for food. Will work for clothing. Will work for Disney.
Will you be wagging that jaw of yours while I'm biting it off? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Will you come quietly or must I use earplugs?
Will you come quietly, or must I use earplugs? -- Russ Cage
Will you eat my box while I work? -- Hagfish
Will you lend me your rifle so I can shoot myself?
WILL YOU PLEASE IMPALE YOURSELF THROUGH THE HEART ON MY WOODEN STAKE, GOTH BOY? CHECK ONE: YES NO -- Jarett Kobek
Will you still need me, will you still feed me, when I'm 64? -- The Beatles
Will you stop being enigmatic for just a minute? Please??? -- Chris Rapier
Will you take us to Mt. Splashmore? -- The Simpsons
Will, n.: A dead giveaway.
Willamette goes to market as Pentium 4. Branding: It's what you do to a cow.
William Tell wore contact lenses.
William's Law: There is no mechanical problem so difficult that it cannot be solved by brute strength and ignorance.
WILLIAMS AND HOLLAND'S LAW:If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by statistics.
Willpower is the ability to eat one salted peanut.
Wilma Flintstone's maiden name was Wilma Slaghoopal, and Betty Rubble's Maiden name was Betty Jean Mcbricker.
Wilma, I promise you: whatever scum did this, not one man on this force will rest one minute before until he's behind bars. Now, let's grab a bite to eat. -- Naked Gun
Win if you can, lose if you must, but always cheat...
Win-win is not adversarial, it's synergistic. It's not transactional, it's transformational.
Win? No, but if we think fast, we might live long enough to lie about it. -- from Spaced Invaders
Window Dresser, n.: A girl who doesn't pull down the shades.
Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors) (From 101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR)
Window. Push. Pavement. Splat. Relief. -- Seinfeld
Windows - from the people who brought you EDLIN.
Windows 3.0: from the people that brought you EDLIN
Windows 3.1 coming to the rescue Wait for FedEx
Windows 3.1: the best $99 solitare game I've ever seen
Windows 95, n.: 32 bit extensions and a graphical shell for a 16 bit patch to an 8 bit operating system originally coded for a 4 bit microprocessor, written by a 2 bit company, that can't stand 1 bit of competition.
Windows CE, while storing dates as 64-bit quantities, uses a minimum tick size of 100 nanoseconds, and starts counting from some point in the 1600s -- I'm guess that to be the inception of the Gregorian calendar. CE dates are therefore "only" good for approximately fifty thousand years. I'm going to go on record as saying that if there are any CE devices still in existence at that point, they will all be under glass, in museums, and the bulk of their internals will long since have rotted into uselessness as a consequence of metal migration. (And if I'm wrong, you may wander over to my severed head, floating in its amniotic tank at the Hall of Oddities, and say "Neener, neener, neener".) -- Dan Martinez
Windows doesn't kill you, it's the glass when it crashes.
Windows Ice Cream: Hoggin DOS
Windows is like a Mac in the same way that a transvestite is like a real woman. It's 95% the same, and actually what some people would prefer, but not really the same for those who care about small differences. -- attributed to John C. Dvorak
Windows is to OS/2 as Etch-A-Scetch is to Art.
Windows isn't a virus -- viruses do something
WINDOWS MULTITASKS (in a DesqView window)
Windows to 486/50 mhz cpu: Don't rush me, don't rush me...
Windows: 80486 to 8088 conversion made painful...
Windows: A cute clown suit for DOS.
Windows: an 80486 to XT Conversion Kit.
Windows: big, expensive, pretty virus.
Windows: I haven't got time for the pane.
Windows: Just another pane in the glass.
Windows: The best $89 solitare game you can buy.
Windows'98 is so similar to Windows'95 because Apple hasn't invented anything worth copying since 1995. -- Jakob Nielsen
Windoze is the Mac interface done by people with Crayolas instead of rapidiographs. -- barnhill@kuhub.cc.ukans.edu
Wine should not taste like salad dressing.
WINGER'S RULE: If it sits on your desk for 15 minutes, you've just become the expert.
Wink Martindale is set to host another game show. Debt, to be shown on the Lifetime cable channel, will pay off winners personal debt up to $10,000.
Wink, I'll do the rest. -- Bumper sticker
Winner gets to drink out of the toilet. -- David Letterman
Winners always want the ball when the game is on the line. -- McGinty (The Replacements)
Winners are just losers who won.
Winnie the Pooh and Alexander the Great have the same middle name.
Winning is not a sometime thing; its an all the time thing. You don't win once in a while; you don't do things right once in a while; you do them right all the time. Winning is a habit. -- Vince Lombardi
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
Winning isn't everything, but then losing is nothing.
Winston Peters, a rebel without a caucus.
Winter is nature's way of saying "up yours".
Winter, n.: The season when a gentleman befurs a blonde.
Wisdom and good sense guard life from harm.
Wisdom consists in being able to distinguish among dangers and make a choice of the least harmful. -- Machiavelli (The Prince)
Wisdom is knowing what to do next.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. -- Sophocles
Wisdom outweighs any wealth. -- Sophocles (406 BC)
Wise man see more from bottom of well than fool from mountain top.
Wise man see more from mountain top than fool from bottom of well.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise. -- Proverbs
Wise men make proverbs but fools repeat them. -- Samuel Palmer
Wise words in the mouths of fools oft belie.
Wish there was something real... wish there was something true... -- Nine Inch Nails
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
Wit has truth in it. Wisecracking is simply calisthenics with words.
Wit is cultured insolence. -- Aristotle
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food. -- William Hazlitt
Wit, n.: The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery... by leaving it out. -- Ambrose Bierce
With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half. -- Otto von Bismark
With a little practice, writing can be an intimidating and impenetrable fog! Want to see my book report? -- Calvin
With a mind like yours, who needs a body.
With a rubber duck, one is never alone. -- Douglas Adams
With all due respect, I'd like to go for a swim. -- Riker
With all due respect, if I were trying to get your business, I would have started out a little more subtly than 'I saw your World Wide Web site, and I had some comments. It really sucks.' -- Faisal Jawdat
With all due respect, these may be nifty programs, but the word "awesome" should be used to describe something that truly inspires awe. The American Heritage Dictionary defines awe as a mingling of "reverence, dread, and wonder, inspired by something majestic or sublime." Normally, this word is reserved for God and his works. To use "awesome" for anything less is verbicide, pure and simple.
With all our fancy scientists, how come we can't make one nuclear balm?
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
With all this romantic atmosphere, disaster's in the air. -- The Lion King
With all this talk of the N word in the OJ trial, I was just wondering... do race cards come with bubblegum?
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
With clothes the new are best; with friends the old are best.
With confidence like this, *I* want him. -- John Dobbin
With enough ex-lax you can pass anything. -- Rohit Khare
With every deed you are sowing a seed, though the harvest you may not see. -- Ella Wheeler Wilcox
With every wish there comes a curse.
With few exceptions, most of the places with "character" have a pre-fabricated, tourist-oriented, faux-olde "charm" that hearkens back to a day that never existed in Orlando. You know the sort: where every shop is a shoppe. -- Megan Coughlin
With friends like these, who needs to hallucinate?
With friends like you, who needs conspiratorial governments?
With friends like you, who needs enemas?
With great power comes the opportunity to amass even greater power. -- Dr. Doom
With great power must come great responsibility. -- Amazing Fantasy #15 (First Spiderman)
With ISO 9000 you can still have terrible processes and products. You can certify a manufacturer that makes life jackets from concrete, as long as those jackets are made according to the documented procedures and the company provides the next of kin with instructions on how to complain about defects. -- Richard Buetow (Corporate quality director at Motorola, quoted by Tom Peters in "The Pursuit of WOW!")
With my new wok, I can make crappy Chinese food for fifty cents less per serving than take-out. Whoo-boy!
With my Stealth Modem, you'll never see me coming
With no debt and $10 billion in cash, Microsoft can buy or build any sort of future it wants. All the rest of us can do is lie back and think of England. -- Robert X. Cringely
With our combined strength we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy. -- Darth Vader
With reasonable men, I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but to tyrants I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost. -- William Lloyd Garrison
With regard to ham and eggs: The chicken is involved; the pig is committed.
With respect to technology, people are usually only right once in their life. Anyone that has been right twice should consider themselves lucky, calm down, and get out of the way of the next generation of people that are right. -- Tom Limoncelli <tal@plts.org> on Apple Computer co-founder Steve Jobs
With the benefit of a few days' hindsight you could rule the world.
With the chocolate sauce on the side, because you don't want the coconut to get soggy. -- When Harry Met Sally
With the lights out, it's less dangerous, here we are now, entertain us. I feel stupid and contagious. -- Nirvana
With the ozone layer evaporating, it's a good strategy to mate with somebody who has an indoor hobby. -- Scott Adams
With the power of conviction, there is no sacrifice. -- Pat Benatar
With the Raiders and the Rams leaving Los Angeles, it seems like the only contact sport remaining will be resisting arrest.
With the splitting of the atom, everything has changed save for our mode of thinking. -- Albert Eienstein
With the Wonderbra and and now the Wonderjock, so much for truth in advertising!
With these vulgar fractions of the treble clef I wish you luck with a capital F. -- Elvis Costello
With those who follow a different way it is useless to take counsel.
With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. -- Chinese proverb
With today's divorce rate, most of the courting comes after the wedding.
With Word 97, Microsoft has at last succeeded in reproducing in the Windows arena the elusive success of Word 6.0 for the Mac: an upgrade so vile, so utterly beyond accomodation, that users will go digging through their attics in search of the media needed to install the previous version. -- Dan Martinez
With your one remaining eye, please do NOT look back into the laser.
Withdrawing in disgust is not the same thing as apathy. -- Slacker
Within 60 days you will receive a letter from Redmond containing a list of names and addresses, along with instructions to write 10 lines of C code and send them to the address at the top of the list. Add your name to the bottom and mail copies to 84 of your friends. In a few weeks you will receive 12.5 million lines of NT source code, ready for compiling and linking. -- Robert Cringely
Within minutes of their meeting, Representatives Beth (D-Florida) and Eric (R-Montana) lumbered into the bedroom where soon the unmistakable sounds of wet, naked bodies engaged in a sexual congress were heard. -- Top 5
Within seconds little Nikki's hand, the girl of Rohit's dreams, the object of his affections had her dirty whore hand up my shirt on my nipple, then she said she wanted to see it, up came the shirt and she examined it. Well that was it. Core breach. Complete melt down. -- Tim Byars
Within the region of our minds lies the ability to conquer the world.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it. The man who knows how will always have a job. The man who also knows why will always be his boss. As to methods there may be a million and then some, but principles are few. The man who grasps principles can successfully select his own methods. The man who tries methods, ignoring principles, is sure to have trouble. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Without compassion, there can be no end to hate. -- Billy Joel
Without computers, it would be virtually impossible for us to accomploiwur xow;gkc,mf(*&( -- Dave Barry
Without fingers, the hand would be a spoon.
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Without gratuitous sex, we would be no better than animals. -- M. Swanwick
Without health you cannot enjoy wealth or happiness.
Without him, it's no vana, not Nirvana. Let's play Smells like Teen Spirit and see if we can find clues to his demise. -- Howard Stern
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark. -- Henri-Frederic Amiel
Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -- Dave Barry's Bad Habits
Without tact you can learn nothing. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Without the hell, she'd be mice and nobody likes mice. -- John Dobbin
Without the past, the pursued future has no meaning. -- Lorean Eisely
Without time to rise, there is no loaf. -- Rohit Khare
Without tools there would be no wisdom.
Without will, without individuals, there are no heroes. But neither are there villians and the absence of villians is as prostrating, as soul-destroying, as the absence of heroes. -- Gertrude Himmelfarb
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses. -- Francis Bacon
Woah, you consarn, ijit varmint! -- Yosemite Sam
Woke up this morning. Forgot the alamo.
Wolf, n.: A big dame hunter.
WOM - Write only memory
Woman reduces us all to a common denominator. -- George Bernard Shaw
Woman was God's second mistake.
WOMAN.ZIP... Great program but no documentation.
Women and cats do as they dammed well please, and men and dogs had best learn to live with it.
Women and cats do as they please, men and dogs had best learn to live with it.
Women and cats will do as they please. And men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. -- Robert Heinlein
Women are a lot like LEGOS... you can never find the right one. -- Jay Nash
Women are dirty whores and want to be treated as such. Yeah sure, respect and all that comes later when they earn it, but the direct road is the road to success. No Pussyfooting as Fripp and Eno would say. -- Tim Byars
Women are more practical about greed then men. -- Megan Coughlin
Women are sexual objects. Except my mother. -- Martin Lawrence
Women are soft, and fun to touch, but that does not stop them from being incarnations of pure evil. -- Bradford Johnson
Women are strange creatures with strange features. -- John Dobbin
Women can sleep with whoever they want; Men have to sleep with whoever will let them.
Women complain about sex more than men. Their gripes fall into two major categories: 1. Not Enough; 2. Too Much. -- Ann Landers
Women do come with instructions; ask them.
Women don't have hot flashes. We have power surges.
Women don't want men to be dangerous. They want us to think that because women want to kill us. -- Dennis Miller
Women get minks the same way minks get minks.
Women have no interest in aphrodisiacs, which have their origin in the fragility of the male organ. It is given names of tools and weapons, and even said to have supernatural powers but in fact it fits inside a tin of sardines. -- Isabel Allende (Aphrodite)
Women like silent men. They think they're listening. -- Marcel Archard
Women love men for their defects; if men have enough of them women will forgive them everything, even their gigantic intellects. -- Oscar Wilde
Women make the best psychoanalysts until they fall in love. After that they make the best patients. -- Spellbound
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place. -- Billy Crystal
WOMEN OF THE WORLD .... RISE FROM THE BEDS OF YOUR OPPRESSORS ...... AND MAKE US BREAKFAST ...
Women represent the triumph of matter over mind, just as men represent the triumph of mind over morals. -- Oscar Wilde
Women schwomen. You need to interact with your computer a little more deeply. -- Gray Jones
Women should always wear tight clothes, and men should carry powerful handguns. -- Calvin and Hobbes
Women should be obscene and not heard. -- Groucho Marx (1890-1977)
Women should not be allowed on juries where the accused is a stud. -- Rush Limbaugh
Women should remain at home, sit still, keep house, and bring up children. -- Martin Luther
Women should stay in the gym all day working out so when their hubby gets home from writing drivers or plugging security holes in NT server he has something provocative and exciting to look at. And that's the bottom line. -- Tim Byars
Women spend $50 BILLION/ year on cosmetics while their fellow human beings sleep in alleys and eat out of trashcans.
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last. -- Remy de Gourmant
Women suck, they're all disgusting little psychopathic leeches who do nothing more in your life than to suck your soul, leave your wallet empty, your heart broken, and your life destroyed. -- Chris Heiser
Women take clothing much more seriously than men. I've never seen a man walk into a party and say "Oh, my God, I'm so embarrassed; get me out of here. There's another man wearing a black tuxedo." -- Rita Rudner
Women who love the same man have a kind of bitter freemasonry. -- Max Beerbohm
Women who miscalculate are called mothers. -- Abigail Van Buren
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition. -- Bumper sticker
Women wonder why men aren't romantic; it's like wondering why your wonderfully playful dog who you kicked in the head last night when it tried to greet you at the door is looking rather sullen. -- Rob Earhart
Women, can't live with them... and no resale value.
Women, can't live with them... can't achieve most positions without them. -- Dan Fielding
Women, can't live with them... can't shoot 'em.
Women, can't live with them... pass the beer nuts. -- Norm on Cheers
Women. Can't live with 'em, can't get the to leave you the FUCK alone when you need to get work done. -- Bruce Sherrod
Women. Fear them. -- Andrew Crown
Women: a mistake? Or did He do it to us on purpose? -- John Updike (Witches of Eastwick)
women: can't live with 'em, can't get them to dress in skimpy leather Nazi outfits -- Bruce Sherrod
WOMEN: Weird Obnoxious Male Enticing Nymphs.
Women: You can't live with them, and you can't get them to dress up in a skimpy Nazi costume and beat you with a warm squash. -- Emo Phillips
Women: You can't live with them, pass the beer nuts -- Norm
Women's libbers are ok, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.
Women's Libbers should be put behind bras.
Women's life must be wrapped up in a man, and the cleverest woman on earth is the biggest fool with a man. -- Dorothy Parker
Won't you be my Ballantine?
Won't you come into the garden? I would like my roses to see you. -- Richard B. Sheridan
Won't. Stop. Doing. Captain. Kirk. Impers. Onation. -- Top 5
Wonderful music. My compliments to the clef.
Wonderful, it's like a damn perpetual motion machine. -- John Dobbin on MsgList and mail
Woo hoo! Four day weekend! -- Homer Simpson
Woo-hoo. Full-bore memetic warfare on the horizon. Y2K less than a year and a half away. The End Times *are* upon us. What the hell's keeping those Xists? -- Dan Martinez
Woods and crags know how to keep a dignified silence with you. -- Nietzsche
Woohoo! I fucking *love* people like that. I love the squishy sound their heads make when I stomp on them.
Word is a shadow of deed. -- Democritus (400 BC)
Word skittered out of his mouth like cartoon dogs on fresh-waxed linoleum, frantically going nowhere. -- Amy Tan
Word to the wise: If you're from the future, don't tell anybody because they'll always do one of three things: throw you in jail, beat the crap out of you or put you in a mental institution. Wouldn't people from the future know this? -- Mr. Cranky
Words are heavy. If birds talked, they could not fly. -- Northern Exposure
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words are too solid. They don't move fast enough to catch the blur in the brain that flies by and is gone. -- Suzanne Vega
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind. -- Rudyard Kipling
Words can never express what words can never express.
Words have a longer life than deeds. -- Pindar
Words mean things. -- Rush Limbaugh
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Words once spoken can't be taken back. -- Pearl Jam
Words, words, words. -- Hamlet
Worf becomes anrgy at the thought of brushing his teeth.
Worf hides for days knowing his bumps have gone flat.
Worf Still struggling up the evolutionary ladder? -- Q
Worf: Shields failing Picard: Give 'em more homework
Work banishes those three great evils: boredom, vice, and poverty. -- Voltaire
Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
Work fascinates me. I could just sit and watch it for hours.
Work fascinates me. I could sit and watch it for hours.
Work flows toward the competent until they are submerged.
Work for the EPA: it's a clean job, but somebody has to do it.
Work is accomplished by those employees who have not reached their level of incompetence.
Work is for people who don't know how to fish.
Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy. -- Kahlil Gibran
Work is the curse of the drinking class.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes. -- Oscar Wilde
Work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Work out your salvation with diligence. -- Buddha (Last words)
work work work. it's 11:30 and I need to switch from coffee to stoli already! Moose add this to your rules: if in doubt, blame faisal -- Cyndi Bernard
Worked really hard at W&M and have achieved stereotype. -- Steve Reichenbach
Workers of the world, arise! You have nothing to lose but your chairs.
Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.
Working in the Executive Office of the President was liked being locked up with a thousand 25-year old Assistant Professors. The staff were inexperienced, full of energy, working around the clock, while actually accomplishing relatively little. -- Randy Katz
Working mothers are guinea pigs in a scientific experiment to show that sleep is not necessary to human life.
Working to get back where you started is always fun. -- John Dobbin
Works every time. -- MST3K
Works well when under constant supervision and cornered like a rat in a trap.
Workstations are like toothbrushes. Nobody else may use mine, especially not while I'm using it!
World Cup 94: Tens of Americans can't be wrong. -- Rumman Gaffur
World domination is like making a souffle' - if you get yourself embroiled in too many local instabilities, results will be poor. Local instabilities can be created by either alienating religious leaders or slamming the oven door. -- Greg Plesur
World domination. Fast... and scantily clad females, of course. Who cares if it's below zero outside. -- Linus Torvalds
World ends today at 9:30pm! Film at 11:00...
World leaders gathered at the United Nations for its 50th anniversary. 185 of them stood for a group picture. The photographer made 184 of them smile by asking them to say "foreign aid."
World War Three is a guerilla information war, with no division between military and civilian participation. -- Marshall McLuhan
World-losers and world-forsakers, on whom the pale moon gleams; yet we are the movers and shakers of the world forever, it seems. -- Arthur Edgar William O'Shaughnessy
Worry a little bit every day and in a lifetime you will lose a couple of years. If something is wrong, fix it if you can. But train yourself not to worry. Worry never fixes anything. -- Mary Hemingway
Worry does not take the pain out of tomorrow; it merely takes the joy out of today.
Worry, n.: The interest paid on trouble before it's due.
Worrying about a large institution, especially when it has computers, is like worrying about a large gorilla, especially when it's on fire. -- Bruce Sterling
Worst Month of the Year: February. February has only 28 days in it, which means that if you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you don't get. Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible. -- Steve Rubenstein
Worst Vegetable of the Year: The brussels sprout. This is also the worst vegetable of next year. -- Steve Rubenstein
Worst-dressed sentient being in the known universe.
Worth seeing? Yes, but not worth going to see.
Worthless. -- Sir George Bidell Airy (KCB, MA, LLD, DCL, FRS, FRAS, Astronomer Royal of Great Britain, Estimating for the Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September 15, 1842)
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
Would a virgin be called a notyeterosexual?
Would I ask you a rhetorical question?
Would I like mayonnaise on my sandwich? Oh, no, that would make it too MOIST and TASTY. Give it to me plain. In fact, I want it on STALE bread.
Would it be funny if you got all the props you're supposed to throw during Rocky Horror and threw them at soccer games (rice, toast, etc.)? -- Megan Coughlin's suggestions for increasing attendance at MLS games
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would somebody please unionize the IRS? Then they could go out on strike and we could leave them there.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
Would you be prepared if gravity suddenly reversed itself? -- Real Genius
Would you be terribly upset if I told you that there may possibly be... GUNS... in... the trunk? -- Jon Lovitz (Trapped In Paradise)
Would you call marriage a new leash on life?
Would you call this a poll? I'd call it a pole, since I have some ideas where I'd like to stick it. -- John Dobbin
Would you cut it out with that crazy jedi shit, you fat bitch! -- Jay (Mallrats)
Would you ever consider eating chicken and waffles together? Does this sound even remotely appealling? -- John Dobbin
Would you ever eat at an airport pub dubbed the "Terminal Snack Bar"? -- George Carlin
Would you excuse me? I've got some urgent business. There's a bucket outside, and I've got to go be sick in it. -- Blackadder
Would you find it odd to have a window in the bathroom that people in another room in the house could look through? -- John Dobbin
Would you keep control of your clothing. -- Lex Gibson
Would you like a saucer of milk?
Would you like carry my books for me? -- Butt-head
Would you like me to sing you a song?
Would you like some duck for lunch, eh misster, would you?
Would you like to be cremated or buried at sea? -- Blackadder IV
Would you like to have morning coffee with me? (Pick up line)
Would you please comment on the relative merits of the pulsation instability model and the accretion disk instability model for the explanation of outbursts of cataclysmic variable stars?
Would you rather have pansies on the piano or tulips on the organ?
Would you take care of getting the funds together and getting a gift? Something risque seems appropriate. -- Mani Chandy
Would you want to see, if seeing meant you had to believe? -- Joan Osborne
Would you want to work for someone who doesn't know the difference between pier and peer? -- Eve Schooler
Wouldn't it be nice if the wattage of a car stereo could not exceed the IQ of the driver?
Wouldn't it be to their advantage to put only 7 tones out so people would think they were losing their hearing? -- John Dobbin
Wouldn't it be unethical for a psychiatrist to use information from a patient against that patient's husband? -- John Dobbin
Wouldn't it help to reboot? That's my favorite approach; much easier than trying to UNDERSTAND the problem. -- Berna Massingill
Wouldn't life be much simpler, if people just changed color along with their mood?
Wouldn't ya love to send the president a wound up clock in a brown bag?
wow - that's an impressive headache. it causes pain AND sounds like a bad art film. oh no wait, those are the same thing. -- Kristiina Wilson
wow - they're, like, BURNING their art! how cool! how anti-establishment! how esoteric! watch them as they cut the edge! -- Kristiina Wilson
Wow I could've had a V/8
Wow They've put my favourite food on the menu again
Wow! That's me! I'm platypus man. An unmarried, short-legged, night-feeder. -- Richard Jeni
wow! you really have a way with words!! they effectively convey your bitterness at your boyfriend's lack of attention to domestic chores. Edgar Allen Poe, eat your heart out! -- Adam Paul
Wow, it was kinda neat to see Wayne discuss moral relativism rather than merely anagrammatize it. What *is* FoRK turning into? -- Ernest Prabhakar
Wow, man, do you have any idea what the street value of this mountain is? -- Better Off Dead
Wow, that hurt worse than child labor. -- Thanh Boyer
Wow, that's a great quote! I think I'll write it on my wall, for everyone to see how deep I am! -- Jarett Kobek
Wow, that's really ugly. Fortunately, on obscure[.org] we don't have that kind of bureaucracy. When it breaks, it'll just stay broken. -- Richard Bullington
Wow, you're a masochist. Why not use "perl -p -i.old -e 's/GIF/gif/g; s/JPG/jpg/g; s/^M//g; s/.htm/.html/g;' sld*.htm; rename 's/.htm$/.html/' sld*.htm"? -- Rob Earhart
Wow. And I've been feeling good about Pittsburgh because it's been balmy and sunny two days in a row. -- Sam Kass
Wow. I mean, did someone die and leave this bonehead to be god? -- Esther Filderman
Wow. I think reading unhinged is more educational than going to class. -- Ryan Troll
Wow. I thought crime was against the law in Switzerland! -- Manuel Sanches
Wow. That's extremely randomly specific. -- Richard Goodman
Wow... I can't type any more... Mr. Happy can type for me. It's sort of a variation on that 'hunt and peck' thing. -- Andrew Crown
Wowie, I'm having a really great time
Wrapping the cling film around the sandwiches of knowledge.
Wreckless Driving... you'd think that would be a *good* thing. -- Chris Sampson
Write a book and call it, Core Dumps from the Bowels of Cyberspace. -- John Klassa
Write all adverbial forms correct.
Write clearly so I can tell what you are doing wrong. -- Zoe Wood's TA
Write down the advice of him who loves you, thou you like it not at present.
Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at the present. -- English Proverb
Write down where you want to be 5 yrs from now. Write down where you are now and then write down the gap strategy of what you need to do to get there. -- William Rifkin
WRITE ONCE, DEBUG EVERYWHERE. -- Symantec Visual Cafe Enterprise Suite demo copy box copy
Write the first draft. Boldface the bits you want to emphasize. Delete all the unboldened stuff. Delete the boldening. -- Dave Winer
Writers do it creatively. They plot to bring their subjects to a climax.
Writers do it with style.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture. -- Frank Zappa
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Writing good software is just plain hard. -- David Chappell ("Understanding ActiveX and OLE", Microsoft Press, 1996)
Writing is easy. All you do is stare at a blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead. -- Gene Fowler
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at a blank sheet of paper until the drops of blood form on your forehead. -- Gene Fowler
Writing is not complete when you've added everything you could, but rather, when you've taken away everything that is not needed. -- Ann Clark
Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards. -- Robert Heinlein
Writing the paragraph for man -M diagnostics must have taken more work than fixing the bug would have. -- David Chapman
Writing tip: A lack of compassion in a writer is unforgivable.
Writing tip: A strong ending is the last thing you need.
Writing tip: A writer needs three qualities: creativity, originality, clarity and a good short term memory.
Writing tip: Americanisms suck.
Writing tip: And the dictionary on your shelf was not put there just for affect.
Writing tip: Appropriate metaphors are worth their weight in gold.
Writing tip: ASBMAETP: Acronyms Should Be Memorable And Easy To Pronounce. SATAN: Select Acronyms That Are Non-offensive.
Writing tip: Avoid ugly abr'v'ns.
Writing tip: Avoid unnecessary examples; e.g., this one.
Writing tip: Bad writers are hopefully ashamed of themselves.
Writing tip: Be careful when forming words into a sentence. All orderings are not correct.
Writing tip: Be spontaneous at regular intervals.
Writing tip: Before using a cliche, run it up the flagpole and see if anybody salutes.
Writing tip: Capitalizing for emphasis is UGLY and DISTRACTING.
Writing tip: Choose your words carefully and incitefully.
Writing tip: Choosing the correct phrase is important compared to most things.
Writing tip: Colloquialisms are for barmpots.
Writing tip: Colons: try to do without them.
Writing tip: Complete mastery of the English language comes with conscientious study, notwithstanding around in bars. Moreover the next page. Inasmuch detail as possible.
Writing tip: Consult a writing manual to assure that your English is correct.
Writing tip: Do you really think people are impressed by rhetorical questions?
Writing tip: Don't bother with those ``increase-your-word-power'' books that often lead to improper word usage and cost an absorbent amount of money.
Writing tip: Don't mess with Mr. Anthropomorphism.
Writing tip: Don't patronize the reader. He or she might well be intelligent enough to spot it.
Writing tip: Don't use commas, to separate text unnecessarily.
Writing tip: Double entendres will get you in the end.
Writing tip: Eschew the highfalutin.
Writing tip: Every sentence should make sense in isolation. Like that one.
Writing tip: Excessive hyperbole is literally the kiss of death.
Writing tip: Finish your point on an up-beat note, unless you can't think of one.
Writing tip: If somebody were to give me a pound for every irrelevant statement I've ever read, then I would be very surprised.
Writing tip: If there's a particular word that you can never spell, use a pnemonic.
Writing tip: If there's a word on the tip of your tongue that you can't quite pin down, use a cinnamon.
Writing tip: If there's one thing you must avoid it's over-simplification.
Writing tip: If you can't afford a book on grammar, at least find someone to lend one off.
Writing tip: If you can't think of the exact word that you need, look it up in one of those dictionary-type things.
Writing tip: If you must quote, quote from one of the all-time greats. (Cedric P. Snodworthy, 1964).
Writing tip: Ignorance: good writers don't even know the meaning of the word.
Writing tip: In terms of writing convoluted sentences, don't.
Writing tip: In the absence of a dictionary, stick to words of one syllabus.
Writing tip: In your quest for clarity, stop at nothing.
Writing tip: Injecting enthusiasm probably won't do any harm.
Writing tip: Intimidatory writing is for wimps.
Writing tip: Introduce meaningless jargon on a strict need-to-know basis.
Writing tip: It has been suggested that some words are absolute, not relative. This is very true.
Writing tip: It is nice to be important, but it is more important to avoid using the word `nice.'
Writing tip: Learn one new maths word every day, and you'll soon find your vocabulary growing exponentially.
Writing tip: Learn the basic spelling rules; don't just rely on fonetix.
Writing tip: Less is more. This means that a short, cryptic statement is often preferable to an accurate, but drawn out, explanation that lacks punch and loses the reader.
Writing tip: Let's face it, we all hate it when a writer appeals to the lowest common denominator.
Writing tip: Many readers assume that a word will not assume two meanings in the same sentence.
Writing tip: Many words can ostensibly be deleted.
Writing tip: Many writer's punctuate incorrectly.
Writing tip: Mixed metaphors can kill two birds without a paddle.
Writing tip: My old high school English teacher put it perfectly when she said: ``Quoting is lazy. Express things in your own words.''
Writing tip: My old high school English teacher would also say: ``Don't use that trick of paraphrasing... [other people's words]... inside a quote.''
Writing tip: Never appear cynical, unless you're sure you can get away with it.
Writing tip: Never reveal your sources (John Dobbin, 1992).
Writing tip: Nouns should never be verbed.
Writing tip: On a scale of 1 to 10, internal consistency is very important.
Writing tip: Only take writing tips from world-renounced writers.
Writing tip: Pile on lots of subtlety.
Writing tip: Poor writing effects the impact of your work.
Writing tip: Practice humility until you feel that you're really good at it.
Writing tip: Readers will not stand for any intolerance.
Writing tip: Resist the temptation to roll up the trouser-legs of convention, cast off the shoes and socks of good taste, and dip your toes refreshingly into the cool, flowing waters of fanciful analogy.
Writing tip: Restrict your hyphen-usage.
Writing tip: Sarcasm... yes, I bet that will go down really well.
Writing tip: Self-contradiction is confusing, and yet strangely enlightening.
Writing tip: Similes are about as much use as a chocolate teapot.
Writing tip: Some early drafts of this document had had clumsy juxtapositions.
Writing tip: Some writers introduce a large number, N, of unnecessary symbols.
Writing tip: Somebody once said that all quotes should be accurately attributed.
Writing tip: Sometimes you publish a sentence and then, on reflection, feel that you shouldn't ought to have been and gone and written it quite that way.
Writing tip: Sometimes, a foreign phrase can add a little `je ne sais rien.'
Writing tip: Spellcheckers are not perfect; they can kiss my errs.
Writing tip: Spelling dictionaries should be made compulsary.
Writing tip: Sporting analogies won't even get you to first base.
Writing tip: State your opinions forcefully. This is perhaps the key to successful writing.
Writing tip: Steer clear of word-making-up-ism.
Writing tip: Stimpy the Squirrel says ``Don't treat the reader like a little child.''
Writing tip: Strangely enough, it is impossible to construct a sentence that illustrates the meaning of the word `irony.'
Writing tip: Sufficient clarity is necessary, but not necessarily sufficient.
Writing tip: Sure signs of lazy writing are incomplete lists, etc.
Writing tip: Surrealism without purpose is like fish.
Writing tip: Take care with pluri.
Writing tip: Thankfully, by the year 2016 rash predictions will be a thing of the past.
Writing tip: The era of the euphemism is sadly no longer with us.
Writing tip: The importance of comprehensive cross-referencing will be covered elsewhere.
Writing tip: The number of arbitrary constants per page should not exceed .42.
Writing tip: The problem of ambiguity cannot be underestimated.
Writing tip: The spoken word can look strange when written down, I'm afraid.
Writing tip: The word ``gullible'' possesses magic powers and hence it should be used with care.
Writing tip: There is a lot to be said for brevity.
Writing tip: There is no place for overemphasis, whatsoever.
Writing tip: There is one cheap gimmick that should be avoided at all costs.............. suspense.
Writing tip: To qualify is to weaken, in most cases.
Writing tip: Understatement is a mindblowingly effective weapon.
Writing tip: Use mathematical jargon iff it is absolutely necessary.
Writing tip: Vagueness is the root of miscommunication, in a sense.
Writing tip: Want to appear whimsical? Simply append a smiley. :^)
Writing tip: Want to be funny? Just add some exclamation marks!!!
Writing tip: Writing for the non-native English speaking market is a different kettle of fish.
Writing your own headlines, ignoring your own deadlines, but now you've got to write them all again. -- Cake
Written on OpenStep for Mach (NeXT); Ported to OpenStep for Windows NT on the Server; That Windoze-like interface zapped from the server to multiple users on X-terms. Cool, huh? -- Megan Coughlin
Written sarcasm relies on the reader being able to realize that the argument is so bizarre that the writer can't possibly be serious. That usually fails in a .advocacy group. -- Ron Dippold
Wrong must not win by technicalities. -- Aeschylus
WWhhaatt ddooeess dduupplleexx mmeeaann?
WYTYSYDG: What you thought you saw, you didn't get.
X : Chocolate :: Heroin : Aspirin. Fame and fortune for anyone who can discover X.
X is just raster-op on wheels. -- Bill Joy (January 1987)
X Windows is the Iran-Contra of GUIs: a tragedy of political compromises, entangled alliances, marketing hype, and just plain greed. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
X Windows is to memory as Ronald Reagan was to money. -- Unix-Haters Handbook
X windows. It could be worse, but it'll take time. -- from a SIGGRAPH flyer
X-rated movies are all alike... the only thing they leave to the imagination is plot.
X-rated movies are all alike... the only thing they leave to the imagination is the plot.
Xanadu, stately home of Charles Foster Kane. Cost, no one can say. -- Citizen Kane
XAV eht edisni deppart ma I pleH
Xeric, adj.: Of, characterized by, or adapted to an extremely dry habitat.
Xerox does it again and again and again and.
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Xerox never makes anything original.
Xerox your life! It's nice to have a copy!
XIIdigitation, sniglet: The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
XML sounds scary. Stuff that begins with the letter X usually does -- there's a reason they didn't call it "The C Files." -- Jason Snell
XMODEM, n.: A device on the losing end of an encounter with lightning.
Xorn demand payment.
XT at 8 Mhz. = 386 at 25 Mhz. + Windose
XT/8 Mhz = 386/25 Mhz + Windose
xterms open as 80x30 or so with a tiny font and I have to enlarge the font and resize to 80x60 or 80x66 or something reasonable thereabouts. Five entire seconds of mousing around! Argh! -- Robert Harley
Y Y U R Y Y U B I C U R Y Y 4 me.
Y2K is not a symptom. It is a fundamental problem. -- Rohit Khare
Y45K: Greeks, Serbs, Russians, and other Eastern Orthodox have spent the past 41,000 years laughing at westerners' increasingly futile efforts to keep the Gregorian calendar in order. The day of reckoning has come; the Orthodox calendar is now one day slow. The Patriarch of Istanbul (nee Constaninople) has not made any statement about how this will be fixed. -- Mark Crispin
Y'know, I remember when I was a kid growing up, kids would make fun of my name like you wouldn't believe - 'Jerry Jerry Dingleberry', 'Seinsmelled'... -- Seinfeld
y'know, when everyone's wearing black, you really have to look before you randomly grab someone's butt. -- Karen Laake
Ya gotta feel sorry for all them convicts in New Hampshire, stampin' out license plates that say ``Live free or Die.''
Ya gotta feel sorry for all them convicts in New Hampshire, stampin' out license plates that say Live free or Die.
Ya gotta suck up to get sucked up. You should have left out the second up. You should put your quote in your quotefile. I should stop telling you what to do. -- John Dobbin
Ya know, Fascism in moderation is pretty cool... -- Anu Kapoor
Ya know, you could vomit on all of your Magic cards. That way you'd know which ones are yours, and there would be no incentive to steal them. -- Ben Peal
Ya see, I don't think that life is just about making money. I want a certain level of personal satisfaction to come from my life. Producing disposable code doesn't cut it for me. I'd much rather be an ittinerant bum living off of what I steal from the people I kill. -- Chris Rapier
Ya' know, that outfit would look great on my bedroom floor..... (Pick up line)
Yaccity yacc don't lex back.
Yah, I know, I'm not punk and you're telling everyone. -- Jawbreaker
Yankee, n.: A "quickee" that you do yourself.
Yaron Goland: As sophisticated as I get is when I don't actually say anything. Lisa Dusseault: How often do you have that kind of restraint?
Yawn a more Roman way.
Yawning is an orgasm for your face.
Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. -- New Testament of St. Matthew
Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad. -- Aldous Huxley
Yeah -- bad wiring. That was probably it. Very bad.
Yeah so I realized I was kind of pissy on the phone, and I want to make sure you knew it was sybase, not you. -- Fleur Dragan
Yeah! I should exchange keys with all the west-coasters while I'm out here, and then I can exchange keys with all the east-coasters, and as long as you all believe that I'm sufficiently anal-retentive, we can encrypt everything! Or something. -- Rob Earhart
Yeah, and pawprints is sweeping the nation.... -- Megan Coughlin
yeah, and Safety Dance is really a symbolic statement about the alienation from life and finding depth of spirituality in dance. -- Marcy Lewis
Yeah, Black and Decker came out with a toaster oven and a microwave that run under X. Also, Samsung has a dishwasher, refridgerator and vacuum cleaner, but the larger appliances really eat up resources. -- Andrew Stellman
Yeah, but my towel isn't dirty enough that you could suck on it for nutrition. -- Rajit Manohar
Yeah, I hate bringing UI facts of life into a world of protocols, but that's where I'm at. -- Scott Berkun
Yeah, I saw your classified ad the other day. 'Shit on me, piss on me, must be sincere' -- Richard Kinsey
Yeah, interest. It's an amazing thing. You make money without doing anything... -- Seinfeld
Yeah, kind of like that, except Jeff Hutzleman was obnoxious and in my face, whereas David Siegal is obnoxious on some web site that I'll just ignore. -- Bruce Sherrod
yeah, like it really goes uphill from here. light at the end of the tunnel? silver lining? happy ending? fuck you. -- Chris Heiser
Yeah, like Portland and Seattle aren't really the same place. Has anyone ever seen them in the same place at the same time? I thought not. -- John Dobbin
Yeah, that's the sort of god I don't believe in, as well. -- Megan Coughlin
Yeah, they cloned some mammal... A lizard or something.
Yeah, those zany academics... never use a Roman character when they can stick in a Greek one. If they wrote like normal humans, everyone would figure out how easy all this stuff is, and then they'd have to work for a living. -- Scott Fahlman
Yeah, we're fascist netcops. Deal. -- David Gerard
Yeah, well... weirder or stupider. It's a fine line. -- Bob McKown on John Dobbin
Yeah. It was a little computer. The one I had with me in Vegas, which as I write I realize you never saw. They were all in my underwear box. -- John Dobbin
Yeah... yeah... patience, how long does that take to learn, anyway?
Yeah; after all, we all know that a man is just a walking life support system for a penis. Actually, that's not true. There's also money. -- Bruce Sherrod
Yeah? Well, I AM the NSA! -- James "Kibo" Parry
Yeah? Well, tell that to her parents. -- Geordi (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
Year, n.: A period of 365.25 disappointments.
Yearbooks are poor excuses for people who don't have sketchbooks. -- Sean Simmons
Years ago, Mattel did come out with a 'Stubble Barbie' model, but it was a big bust. (Of course ALL Barbies have big busts, but that is not my point.) -- Dave Barry
Years of experience confirm that the willingness to criticize is never inhibited by ignorance.
Yeast is yeast and nest is nest and never the mane shall tweet.
Yeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhoooooooooooooooooooooo! -- Lando Calrissian (The Battle of Endor)
Yeh, but I'm the one with the balls in this relationship. I'm the one doing fucking Kung Fu... -- Kate Devitt
Yellow and blue make green... thanks, next you're going to tell me that red and blue make purple. Wonderful. -- Paolo Malabuyo
Yellow journalism is media ochre.
yep.! I'll call tomorrow afeternoonfgr. I'd fix that byut I am toe lzay to move my hand to the deleteeee key. -- Sam Greenfield
Yes folks it has a VGA monitor, 40 MEG hard drive, and a 2400 baud modem.... You know, folks the BAUD modems are the best kind! -- Home Shopping Club announcer
Yes my son, long ago mail was read 1 packet at a time.
Yes there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run, there's still time to change the road you're on. -- Led Zeppelin
Yes! Another couple of weeks to slack! -- Robert Harley
Yes, and I get my YA-YA's from IKEA. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less. -- Friends
Yes, at first I was excited to be learning how to read. It seemed exciting and magical. But then I read this -- Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand. I read every last word of this garbage, and because of this piece of shit, I'm never reading again. -- Officer Barbrady (South Park)
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Yes, but if ISP A peers with ISP B in the woods, does anybody snoop the packets? -- Shawn McMahon
Yes, but it is generally better to take it for a walk.
Yes, but some of my one-liners are actually four lines, which means that I had at least a two line leeway. -- Adam Rifkin
Yes, but verbing weirds language. Now you're subjectiving. How very. -- the ARs
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Yes, hate is good... Our goal is a Christian nation. We have a Biblical duty, we are called by God, to conquer this country. We don't want equal time. We don't want pluralism. -- Randall Terry (founder of the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue)
Yes, I admit, *I* steal taglines??
Yes, I am black. No, I am not a criminal. Do not arrest this man. -- Jerry Maguire
Yes, I do love Disco, but no more or less than Industrial, Pop, Big Band, Straight Edge metal, and Bluegrass. Well, maybe I'm lying about those last two.....Doesn't everyone like disco though?? -- Richard Goodman
Yes, I know I'm off-topic. Thank you for your concern.
Yes, I know, it's Adams Morgan. Yes, I know, it's about ten degrees out. And I know just about everyone's suffering from Seasonal Affected Disorder at the moment. But hey, you know what they say, misery loves company! Brave this wintry hell and drag your PVC-clad butt out to Heaven this Tuesday! -- Nikki Gustas
Yes, if one third of the people buying this book would die on the ice with a mammoth tusk shearing their upper body from their lower like PROPER cavemen then it might actually be beneficial. -- Cliff Judge
yes, in fact, i am God. that's why i get laid so often. it's easy to get ass if you're a major deity. but enough about me, let's talk about you. -- Andrew Stellman
Yes, Mr. Buttafouco will be ordained this Sunday.
Yes, Mr. Costas, in Cleveland, dating LeAnn Rimes *would* be considered a felony. -- Top 5
Yes, sir, I have only ONE one question. What is going on?!
Yes, the lectures are optional. Graduation is also optional. -- Brian Quinn
Yes, there is an enormous force that controls our destiny. Please don't tell her I said she was enormous.
Yes, you can be a dreamer and a doer too, if you remove one word from your vocabulary: impossible. -- H. Robert Schuller
Yes, you're very smart. Shut up. -- The Princess Bride
Yesterday a guy cut me off in traffic. I said unto him, Be fruitful and multiply, but not in those words. -- Woody Allen
Yesterday I told a chicken to cross the road. It said, what for?
Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement. -- Snoopy
Yesterday is a cancelled cheque; Tomorrow is a promissory note; today is the only cash you have - so spend it wisely. -- Kay Lyons
Yesterday is a dream, tomorrow is a vision, today is a bitch.
Yesterday is a memory. Tomorrow is a vision. Today is a bitch.
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow is but a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well, therefore, to This Day. -- Sanskrit proverb
Yesterday upon the stair, I saw a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today, I think he's from the CIA.
Yesterday was the deadline on all complaints.
Yesterday, my eyeglass prescription ran out. -- Steven Wright
Yesterday's technology, solving today's problems, tomorrow.
Yesterday's the past and tomorrow's the future. Today is a gift, which is why they call it the present. -- Bill Keane
Yesterday's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why. -- Hunter S. Thompson
Yet another hurdle cleared successfully.
Yet another wild drunken romp through Chuck E Cheese's. -- Top 5
Yet terrible as UNIX addiction is, there are worse fates. If UNIX is the heroin of operating systems, then VMS is barbiturate addiction, the Mac is MDMA, and MS-DOS is sniffing glue. (Windows is filling your sinuses with lucite and letting it set.) You owe the Oracle a twelve step program. -- the Usenet Oracle
Yield to temptation, it may not pass your way again. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
Yike! -- Thanh Boyer
Yikes: Horror is knowing what you're up against and knowing you can't do anything about it.
Yikes: Suspense is not knowing what you're up against and not knowing what you can do about it.
Yikes: Terror is knowing what you're up against and not knowing what you can do about it.
Yinkel, sniglet: A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one will notice.
yip yip yip yip yap yap yip *BANG* NO TERRIER
Yo! My man! Who be needin' 'Ariadne auf Naxos' tickets? -- The New Yorker (Oct. 6, 1997)
Yo, paisan... can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a VERY BAD MAN. -- Friends
Yo, Tipper, I'm your saucy monkey man. -- Jay Leno playing Al Gore
Yoda of Borg am I. Assimilated you will be. Futile is your resistance, um?
Yoda spoke to Keith in a dream one day. He said, "Follow you must dream you have. Good is snoot for to be others view." Keith didn't understand much of this but he knew that Yoda was probably just a puppet with someone's hand up his ass. He then wondered what sort of person would shove a hand up Yoda's ass. -- Snoot
Yoda wouldn't hear of it. He was insistent that he work with Frank Oz again if we wanted him back. He told us, "Frank Oz! Or I will help you not!" -- Rick Mccallum
Yoohoo. I'll make you famous! -- Young Guns II
Yoooouuuuu'rreee Irrelevant -- Daffy Duck (of Borg)
You *must* be kidding
You *told* me to have a few Rolling Rocks... or so I gathered. -- Adam Rifkin
You *will* bow down before me! -- Superman
You 10:30. You 10:45. Bring a friend. -- Alan Rickman
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
You all thought Calypso Lou set that up? WRONG! I replaced Louis Farrakhan with an android under my control, and he organised the march in order for me to be able to fit the marchers with my specially patented mind control chip (remote control until sold seperately). Be on the lookout for the Million Woman March, the Million Kid March, the March to the Scaffold, the Wedding March, and the Million Guys Named Bob Who Don't Know What SPAM(TM) Is March. -- Ken Nagle
You already know their suspension-of-disbelief threshold is off the charts because they obviously think Tom Cruise can act. -- Mr. Cranky
You always find something in the last place you look, unless it's not there.
You always find something in the last place you look.
You always pass failure on the way to success. -- Mickey Rooney
You and Adam. Stoneware can't be the miracle dish you all make it out to be... -- John Dobbin
You and Ernie must get real cramped hiding behind that curtain :-) Fall Guy's OK with me. The key is making sure you're memorable enough at least we get called back together. Penn ain't fun without Teller to kill... -- Rohit Khare
You and your friends are the only creeps around this place. -- Wild Rebels
You are a *bitter* young man... -- Kirsten Riley
You are a Berkeley mail master, Adam. And you can quote me on that. -- Joe Kiniry
You are a bundle of energy always on the go.
You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. -- Desiderata
You are a general favorite among your many friends.
You are a person of firm, yet honest intentions.
You are a poor, pathetic, gullible fool who seeks advice from bakery products. (Found in a fortune cookie)
You are a singer who has to take any note above A with your eyebrows.
You are a very redundant person; that's what kind of person you are, redundant.
You are about to make a most valuable discovery.
You are always busy.
You are an individual interested in foreward thrust and the future.
You are an insult to my intelligence I demand that you log off immediately.
You are aware that no one has ever finished Naked Lunch, aren't you? -- Megan Coughlin
You are being followed by a very large, tame bear.
You are being paged.
You are being swapped.
You are being watched. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You are broad minded and socially active.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
You are clever, alert, and intellectual.
You are confident of things you know nothing about.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fair minded, just and loving.
You are fair-minded, just and loving.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are faithful to duty, adaptable to environment, loyal to friends.
You are far weirder than someone merely into S&M. At least they have a tradition. We have some idea what S&M is about. There's movies and books about it. But so far as I know, there is nothing to explain the way you are. -- Fred Boynton (Barcelona)
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fast approaching your level of incompetence.
You are fixed in your opinions and will not be easily moved from your purpose.
You are generous and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to get some new clothes.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are guests in my corn. -- Field of Dreams
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
You are hearby being notified of my intent to sue MacinTouch for damages caused by snorking coffee up my nose while reading the April 1 edition of your web page. -- John Clark
You are in a dark room with a compiler, emacs, an internet connection, and a thermos of coffee. Your move? -- David Honig
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
You are in a maze of twisty little programs, all alike.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You are in a twisting maze of little passages, all different.
You are in a twisty little passage of standards, all conflicting.
You are in the bell jar. -- Reality Bites
You are interested in higher education whether material or spiritual.
You are just as worse! -- Thanh Boyer
You are just not handling reality any better.
You are Kibo bait.
You are lustworthy.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are my embassador of quong, man. -- Jerry Maguire
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
you are NOT about to tell me it's a year 2000 problem. -- Andrew Stellman
You are not anal. You are so far from anal. The light from anal takes 40 million years to get to you. -- May Jawdat
You are not I, and therein lies the irreparable calamity. -- Vladimir Nabokov
You are not my father -- Luke Skywalker
You are nothing. You are not a man. You are not a god. I will find a man, and give birth to a god! -- Morgana (Excalibur)
You are only as strong as your weakest delusion.
You are only young once, but you can be immature forever.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are only young once, but you can stay inmature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
You are secretive in your dealings but never to the extent of trickery.
You are smart. Can you make us go?
You are so funny... If only I could remember your name. -- Kirsten Riley
You are so narrowminded you can see through a keyhole with two eyes.
You are so reliable. I should set my watch by you. -- Rohit Khare
You are so stupid, you couldn't pour milk out of a boot if the instructions were written on the bottom of the heel.
You are standing on my toes.
You are such a font of eminently deleteable mail... -- Rohit Khare
You are taking advantage of the good nature of a friend. Be careful.
You are taking yourself too seriously.
You are talking about the Count Dracula of the computing world. The tree large enough that a stake capable of killing COBOL could be fashioned from its trunk has not yet grown anywhere upon the face of this verdant planet. -- Dan Martinez
You are the center of every group's attention.
You are the MAN! -- Jerry Maguire
You are the one who writes and the one who is written. -- Edmond Jabes
You are too narrowminded if you can see through a keyhole with both eyes.
You are tricky, but never to the point of dishonesty.
You are truly a rhinestone in the rough.
You are two of the best kids a father ever accidentally had. -- Married with Children
You are ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You are unfortunately only *one* degree of separation from Kevin Bacon. -- Top 5
You are unscrupulously dishonest, false, and deceitful.
You are versatile, energetic, artistic and good-natured.
You are very foolish... the true sign of a hero -- Shan Tsung (Mortal Kombat)
You are wandering aimlessly through the forest
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
You are witty and fond of fun.
You are witty wise and handsome. Of course, if I knew squat, would I be writing fortune cookies for a living?
You aren't really drunk until you realize the wall you've been leaning against for forty minutes is the floor.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You auto buy now.
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -- James Corbett
You Bet is a town in Nevada.
You bet your ass. (But please pay in some more useful currency should you lose.) -- John Dobbin
You bloated sack of protoplasm! -- Ren Hoek
You bought me a grave-post for my 38th birthday? -- All of Me
You broke up over a year and a half? That's one *long* phone call. -- Sam Greenfield
You broke up with my machine? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
You burp, and guys think it's adorable. You puke, and they fight to hold your hair back. -- The Truth about Cats and Dogs
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
You buy Windows, and you put it on your machine-you can't do a whole lot with it. -- Bob Muglia (Microsoft Senior Vice President)
You call my name, and it sounds like church bells or the whistle of a train on a summer evening. I'll run to meet you barefoot, barely breathing... -- Sophie B. Hawkins
You call this a happy family? Why do we have to have all these kids? -- It's a Wonderful Life
You can also join us online at www.msnbc.com. You know, I'm always afraid I'm going to say too many Ws. -- Tom Brokaw (PC Magazine 3/97)
you can also read my quotefile, which is horribly out of date not because i'm too lazy to update it, but because no one ever says anything interesting anymore. -- Geoff Spear
You can always solve a problem by introducing another layer of indirection. -- Xerox PARC saying
You can always tell a Harvard man, but you can't tell him much.
You can always tell and intelligent person. Their view is the same as yours.
You can appropriate any concept into the hiphop lexicon in exactly the same way rap subverts musical context. Now, a swingset is rhythmic and fun, so that's not much of a stretch. But where are the DJs with punk attitude? The DJ Rimjob and DJ Fuck Your Mother? Where are the political, topical DJs, like, say, DJ Term Limits, DJ Balanced Budget or DJ Family Values? And what of surrealist DJs--why does the world have to wait on the arrical of a DJ Unspeakable Appendage? Mix culture isn't about blending old stuff, but the cathartic shock of a wholly new perspective. So wherefore art though, DJ Tragedy? DJ Magna Carta? DJ Ultra-Violet Catastrophe? -- Adam Heimlich
You can awk me, you can sed me, just DON'T grep me!
You can be replaced by a machine that flushes.
You can be replaced by this computer.
You can become more assertive in regard to job assignments and co-workers.
You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on. -- Hepler (Systems Design 182)
You can cage a swallow, can't you, but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
You can call him Crisco because he's fat in the can. -- Beavis
You can call me anything you want, as long as you don't call me late for dinner. -- Ari Rapkin
You can catch more flies with horsesh*t than you can with honey.
You can check the government organization handbook. The handbook contains all government organizations, it does not contain any secret organization. -- Sun Yuxi (PRC Foreign Ministry spokesman)
You can classify any behavior using the scheme I call the "Four F's." These are: Feeding, Fleeing, Fighting, and Reproducing.
You can cook almost anything, but it's usually best to concentrate on food. -- Michael Palin
You can count the number of apples in one tree, but you can never count the number of trees in one apple.
You can cover up your guts, but when you cover up your nuts, you're admitting that there must be something wrong. -- the Who
You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
You can depend on nothing, you see?
You can do better than that. Fracture, shatter, pulverize and atomize it. Don't kid around. -- Ari Rapkin
You can do it anyway you want to as long as you do it my way first.
you can do that, there is nothing physically preventing you from doing it. make sure the scsi controllers have different ids. also, go see a doctor. you are fux0red -- Vijay Gill
You can do this in a number of ways. IBM chose to do all of them. Why do you find that funny? -- D. Taylor
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with earth is concerned.
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
You can either take action, or you can hang back and hope for a miracle. Miracles are great, but they are so unpredictable. -- Peter Drucker
You can find an outlet four your creative genius and accomplish a great deal.
You can find sympathy between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, the rest don't give a damn what you're doing any of the time.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, ... and that is sufficient. -- Not Lincoln
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, and that seems to be sufficient.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. -- Abraham Lincoln
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but fooling Usenet doesn't take much time at all. -- Kevin Martin
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can never fool your Mom.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, the rest are fooling themselves. -- Thomas McBride
You can fracture your pride in a fall over your own bluff.
You can get a lot of work done it you just stay with it and it's play instead of work. -- Joseph Campbell (The Hero's Journey)
You can get anything you want at Alice's Restaurant, except Alice. -- Arlo Guthrie
You can get ANYWHERE in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.
You can get dressed much quicker in the morning if the night before when you are going to bed you take off your trousers and underdrawers at once, leaving the latter inside the former.
You can get everything in life you want, if you will help enough other people get what they want.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than just a kind word. -- Al Capone
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. -- Al Capone
You can get something out fast if you can control the prototype, but in computing there is no such thing as a prototype. The prototype stutters itself all over the world. -- Robert Cailliau
You can give without loving, but you can't love without giving.
You can go a long way with a smile. You can go a lot farther with a smile and a gun. -- Al Capone
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can have good initial relationships with cadavers, but they deteriorate rapidly. -- John Dobbin
You can have my encryption algorithm... when you pry my cold dead fingers from its private key. -- John Barlow (Decrypting the Puzzle Palace)
You can have my isolation, you can have the hate that it brings. You can have my absence of faith, you can have my everything. -- Nine Inch Nails
You can have your cake XOR you can eat your cake
You can judge a man by his enemies. -- Edward Stuyvesant Bragg (1884 Democratic national convention)
You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float you've got something.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him ski.
You can lead a horticulture, but you cannot make her think. -- Dorothy Parker
You can lead a man to ponder; you cannot make him think
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance. -- Franklin P. Jones
You can lie with statistics... but not to a statistician.
You can love an organization, but it won't love you back. -- Larry Wilson
You can make a handkerchief dance by putting a little boogie into it.
You can make everything dirty without making anything clean.
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
You can make it illegal, but you cannot make it unpopular.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of Fortran. -- Alan Perlis
You can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
You can name your salary here. I call mine Fred. -- Ziggy
You can never be too cocky...
You can never do just one thing. -- Hardin
You can never get ahead by getting even. (Japanese proverb)
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake. -- Jeannette Rankin
You can observe a lot by watching.
You can observe a lot just by watchin'. -- Yogi Berra
You can only be independant of God while you've got youth and prosperity; independance won't take you safely to the end. -- Aldous Huxley
You can only get so much per year. You got the Yard, what do you want books for? -- Kristen Batch
You can only kiss so much faculty butt before you get a mouthfull of hair. -- David Gregg
You can only react to opportunities that you "see". Another person may have exactly the same opportunity but not see it as such and therefore, not act on it... whether you realize it or not the experiences you have have, the opportunities that you have acted on, have created new opportunities for you...you have been actively shaping your destiny... -- Christine Renner
You can park your slippers under my bed anytime!
You can present the material, but you can't make me care. -- Calvin
You can pretend to be serious, you can't pretend to be witty. -- Sacha Guitry
You can quote me on anything I say. -- John Dobbin
You can really grow apart if you're constantly together.
You can remove all words from a brilliant thought. -- Stanislaw Lem
You can run all your life, but not go anywhere. -- Social Distortion
You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do. -- Anne Lamott
You can say you're (excrement) out of luck
You can see by her light touch that she has a flare for the piano.
You can see it in their faces. Their brains explode with messages with from the taste buds. Hey, this a pure ground chuck patty I'm eating here! -- Spires Restaurant
You can settle any dispute if you keep the lawyers and accountants out of it. -- Macaulay
You can short-circuit the two or three neurons that people use for common sense by appealing to their greed. -- Dogbert
You can sleep undetected in a lecture course by resting the head on the hands as if shading the eyes.
You can spend only so many nights sitting in Club Groucho coked up to your eyeballs... but the first 999 nights are brilliant bloddy fun.
You can spend your whole life trying to change the world. No, seriously, you can. -- Microsoft ad
You can stay young forever if you live modestly, get lots of sleep, work hard, pray daily, and lie about your age.
You can stretch the truth, but watch out when it snaps back at you.
You can take a pile of rocks and use them to build a house, or you can take the same pile and start a war. Tell children not to throw rocks, make rules against picking up rocks, and then make mad. Keep projecting what not to do and you make the thought in their brains of what can and will be done. -- Charles Manson
You can take all the sincerity in Hollywood, place it in the navel of a firefly and still have room enough for three caraway seeds and a producer's heart. -- Fred Allen
You can teach an elephant to dance, but the likelihood of its stepping on your toes is very high. -- Gary Moss
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is still the language of supercomputers.
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers. -- Steven Feiner
You can tell it's really cold when the consultants have their hands in their own pockets.
You can tell it's winter in a northwest beach town when you start getting called out to take pictures of dead things washing up on the beach. -- Edward M. Hunt
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements. -- Norman Douglas
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. -- Naguib Mahfouz
You can tune a piano, but you can't tune a fish.
You can usually tell when I'm happy by the fact that I've gained weight. -- Christy Turlington
You can usually tell when you're on the right track. It's uphill.
You can visualize a hundred cats. Beyond that, you can't. Two hundred, five hundred, it all looks the same. -- Jack Wright (of Kingston, Ontario, the Guinness Book record holder for the owner of the most cats at one time [689]))
You can watch a horse boil in a pot but you can't drink him.
You can't *dethrone* God. He doesn't have an ass. -- Erik Templeman
You can't always get what you want. -- Mick Jagger
You can't antagonize and influence at the same time.
You can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline. It also helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a beer. -- Frank Zappa
You can't be afraid of stepping on toes if you want to go dancing. -- Lewis Freedman
You can't be optimistic with a misty optic. -- Peter Campbell
You can't beat the Net for beating off. -- Andrew Leonard
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
You can't build a reputation based on what you are going to do. -- Henry Ford
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
You can't change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes.
You can't cheat the phone company.
You can't control what others might say about you, but you can control whether or not it's the truth.
You can't control who you're attracted to... but you can control who you F! -- Shari and Anne-Corrine
You can't even cut the cheese.
You can't fall off the floor.
You can't fight in here... this is the WAR room! -- Dr. Strangelove
You can't find any true closeness in Hollywood, because everybody does the fake closeness so well. -- Carrie Fisher
You can't fool all of the people all of the time, but you can make some good money on those you do.
You can't fool all the people all the time, but airline schedules come pretty darn close.
You can't fool me, mister. There ain't no Sanity Claus. -- Chico Marx (A Night at the Opera)
You can't fool me--there ain't no sanity clause.
You can't fuck the future, the future fucks you!
You can't get snot off of a suede jacket. -- Lenny Bruce
You can't get there from here.
You can't get to Heaven on roller skates.
You can't give yourself absolutely to someone else. -- Lisa Loeb
You can't go forcing something if it's just not right. -- Green Day
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
You can't HANDLE the feedback. -- Rohit Khare
You can't handle the truth. -- A Few Good Men
You can't have everything. Where would you put it? -- Steven Wright
You can't help respecting anybody who can spell TUESDAY, even if he doesn't spell it right; but spelling isn't everything. There are days when spelling Tuesday simply doesn't count. -- A.A. Milne (Rabbit)
You can't help that. We're all mad here. -- The Cheshire Cat
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him. -- Booker T. Washington
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly--only sooner than she thought you would.
You can't look at a sleeping cat and be tense. -- Jane Pauley
You can't look at something without changing it. -- Slacker
You can't love yourself too much or you will get jealous of those who envy you.
You can't make a program without broken egos.
You can't make an omelette without breaking some people you don't like much anyway, so 'Any time is omelette time,' I say. -- Louche Rimbaud
You can't make one thin dime giving people what they need. You've got to give 'em what they want. -- Angel Martin
You can't make something clean without making something else dirty.
You can't make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you're doing is recording it. -- Art Buchwald
You can't measure time in days the way you can money in dollars because every day is different. -- Jorge Luis Borges
You can't plonk me, i'm the gingerbread man!!! -- Lisa Kellner
You can't put too much water in a nuclear reactor. -- SNL
You can't really aim or plan for a result like this. You have to get pulled into it by design ideas so powerful that afterward the results just seem inevitable, natural, even foreordained. The only way to try for ideas like that is by having lots of ideas - or by having the engineering judgment to take other peoples' good ideas beyond where the originators thought they could go. Andrew Tanenbaum had the original idea to build a simple native Unix for the 386, for use as a teaching tool. Linus Torvalds pushed the Minix concept further than Andrew probably thought it could go - and it grew into something wonderful. -- Eric S. Raymond (The Cathedral and the Bazaar)
You can't really dust for vomit. -- Spinal Tap
You can't save everybody, folks. Just try not to be living next to them when they go off. I have that crocheted on a pillow in my heavily fortified rec room. -- Dennis Miller
You can't spell geek without EE.
You can't steer a parked car.
You can't stop kids (or anyone else) from accessing smut they want to see. (Even 10-year-olds in Ireland who happen to like perusing magazines full o' nekkid chicks ;) -- Robert Harley
You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten. -- Charles Schultz (Things I've Had to Learn Over and Over)
You can't take it back. It's already out there. -- When Harry Met Sally
You can't take it with you. So don't go.
You can't take something off the Internet - it's like taking pee out of a pool. -- NewsRadio
You can't TALK to that monkey, and it's always eating its own feces - as opposed to the rest of the cast, who have the manners to just leave ours there. -- Matthew Perry
You can't teach an old dog new tricks, but you can teach a dead dog to stay.
You can't teach intelligence.
You can't teach people to be lazy. Either they have it, or they don't. -- Dagwood Bumstead
You can't tell what way the train went by looking at the tracks.
You can't underestimate the power of fear. -- Tricia Nixon
You can't walk away though you feel your heart break, suddenly freedom calls. -- Debbie Gibson
You can't win, you can't break even, and you can't get out of the game.
You can't win. You can't break even. You can't even quit the game.
You can't write good code without it being readable. (Eddie Kohler can, but you can't). -- Mark Curby
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -- Mark Twain
You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
You Cannot Escape Resistance Is Futile
You cannot have too large a party. -- Jane Austen
You cannot kill time without assaulting eternity.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cannot learn to fly by flying. First you must learn to walk, to run, to climb, to dance. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves. -- Josef Stalin
You cannot paint with a broad brush. -- Robin Quivers
You cannot pluck roses without fear of thorns, nor enjoy a fair wife without danger of horns. -- Ben Franklin
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You cannot see farther than others by standing on the feet of giants.
You cannot see the wood for the trees. -- John Heywood
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. -- Golda Meir
You cannot succeed by criticising others.
You cannot teach a crab to walk straight. -- Aristophanes
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
You cannot win with caffeine. It takes more than it gives. -- James Cook
You catch me running off at the mouth, just poke me in the chops. -- Planes, Trains, and Automobiles
You come along and tell me I'm a member of the hairy mole club so you can throw things at me? -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
You complete me. -- Jerry Maguire
You could afford your house without your government - if it weren't for your government. -- Rush Limbaugh
You could be "R-man - the Facilitator" if you want. Or you could be... "Adam - the amazing top 7% man!" -- John Thornley
You could be replaced by an infinite number of monkeys.
You could call it "selling out". I prefer to call it "buying in". -- Steve Ledebur
You could come with us if you want. In fact, if you did... you might not even suck... -- Hugh Moore
You could do what I do. Listen when you can, but don't volunteer. Do what you can, but don't promise. Be no one's crutch. Be strong. -- Adam Rifkin
You could fertilize the ground with that proof.
You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance.
You could get a new lease on life, if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance.
You could get an iMac, but generally speaking, iMacs are something you win, not something you buy. -- Mark Argent
You could have walked away if you wanted to. You could have said no if you wanted to. -- the Smiths
You could prosper in the field of medical research.
You could try sadoequinecrobestiality, but that's beating a dead horse.
You could use the ten point scale and have a multiplicity factor. -- Adam Rifkin
You could walk down the beach and discuss itching. -- 3rd Rock from the Sun
You couldn't find your ass with both hands, a map, a compass, a troupe of boyscouts, a Navy Seal team, a GPS unit, three bloodhounds, all of Scotland Yard, and PONCE DE LEON! -- Joshua Schachter
You couldn't get a clue during the clue mating season in a field full of horny clues if you smeared your body with clue musk and did the clue mating dance. -- Edward Flaherty
You couldn't ruthless your way out of a food fight, you wuss. -- Mike Wallace
You da man, right? I'm just reading and deleting these... -- Joe Kiniry
You daren't handle high explosives; but you're all ready to handle honesty and truth and justice and the whole duty of man, and kill one another at that game. What a country! What a world! -- George Bernard Shaw
You depend too much on computers for information.
You dialed 5483.
You did not have great sex with Sheldon. A Sheldon can do your income taxes. If you need a root canal, Sheldon's your man. But humpin' and pumpin' is not Sheldon's strong suit. -- When Harry Met Sally
You didn't *mislead* people, you *lied* to people. -- Rush Limbaugh
You didn't come all the way down here to watch TV, did ya? -- Bono
You didn't feel the earth move, but you learned an awful lot about life insurance. -- Top 5
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You do know it is a federal offense to destroy a United States Post Office? -- Flirting with Disaster
You do not destroy an idea by killing people; you replace it with a better one. -- Edward Keating
You do not exist.
You do not have mail.
You do not lie, you understate to the point of criminal negligence. -- Manuel Sanches
You do not need a needle for ruptured pigs.
You do not test the strength of a fly by hitting it with a sledgehammer.
You do not understand hate. You do not hate *something*, you are full of hate or not full of hate. Generally, if you are not full of hate you are dumb. Generally, if you are full of hate you are also dumb. Generally, you are dumb.
You do not understand, Grasshopper. The purpose of the icons, the purpose of the entire OS X look and feel, is to keep the customer happy during that critical period between the time of sale and the time the check clears. -- Bruce Tognazini
You do the white man's overbite. -- When Harry Met Sally
You do well in speculation where land or anything to do with earth is involved.
you don't bank a $20 million business on a system that isn't fully specified. at least, i don't, and since i'm the chief architect of this system, i'm making that call. -- Andrew Stellman
You don't burn out from going too fast. You burn out from going too slow and getting bored. -- Cliff Burton of Metallica
You don't drink beer. You rent it.
You don't give a damn about apathy.
You don't have many suspects who are innocent of a crime. That's contradictory. If a person is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect. -- Edwin Meese III
You don't have to be crazy to work here, but it helps.
You don't have to explain something you never said. -- Calvin Coolidge
You don't have to figure it all out. You just have to admit that you can't. -- Courage Under Fire
You don't have to lick the Nixon stamp. You just wipe the sweat off the front and apply it to the back. -- Dennis Miller
You don't have to take the bar exam to see, what you did is Ignoramous 103. -- REM
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers. -- J.D. Salinger
You don't know what pain is. You haven't suffered one iota, so just stop your whining. -- Goldfinger
You don't know what true happiness is until you are married. But then it's too late.
You don't know what you want, and are willing to go through hell to get it.
You don't know who I am, but I know where you live. -- King of the Hill
You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows. -- Bob Dylan
You don't realize how little FoRK needs to be future-proofed? All it will do is serve to show biographers that you were on the forefront of many things. Just tell your biographers that and save them the reading... -- John Dobbin
You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles. -- Miss Piggy
You don't take apart a frog to see how he jumps. -- Seinfeld
You don't touch the nose. You don't aspire to reach the nose. You don't unhook anything to get to a nose. And no man has ever tried to look up a woman's nostril. -- Seinfeld
You don't understand things. You just get used to them. -- Von Neumann
You don't usually see that kind of behavior in a major appliance.
You don't want to become the town drunk, Eddie. Not in Manhattan. -- Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle
You don't win silver. You lose gold. -- Nike
You down with O.P.P? Yeah, you know me. -- Naughty by Nature
You dream of things that aren't and ask why not?.
You drive me nucking futs.
You droning earth-vexing flax-wench, why did you send me this? -- John Dobbin
You enemy is never a villain in his own eyes. Keep this in mind, it may offer a way to make him your friend. If not, you can kill him without hate - and quickly. -- Robert Heinlein (Lazarus Long in "Time Enough for Love")
You enjoy the company of other people.
You even laugh at Shakespeare comedy. -- Blackadder II
You ever realize that deification and defication are separated by I? -- Adam Rifkin
You ever seen a grown man nekkid, Billy? -- Airplane!
You ever want to just get the hell out of the country? -- Slacker
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You fellows with the damnation, English settler, crocker spaniels, and the laborer recliner dogs should visit the lady with the simonize cat.
You figure it out. If you think it's reasonable, come on over here so I can beat your *ahem* until you do get it. -- Derrick Brashear
You fill a much-needed gap.
you forget that i'm jewish. so to me, the pope is an annoying public leader that i didn't even vote for -- Joshua Schachter
YOU FORTH LIKE IF SMILE THEN ;
You gathered a few rocks? You know of a better way to get stoned? -- the ARs
You gave me nothing, now it's all I got. -- U2
You get a lawyer out of a tree by cutting the rope.
You get a one-armed moron out of a tree by waving to him.
You get paid 20% more. -- David Copperfield (popular prestidigitator, on the difference between mere magician and master illusionist)
You get the most of what you need the least.
You get the software you pay for. In every sense. To the nth degree. That's the way the world works. -- Dave Winer
You get what you pay for. -- Gabriel Biel
You go in and do this, then three months later (since you don't want them to give you a lot of money for one day's work) you show the results. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
You go to a psychiatrist when you're slightly cracked, and keep going until you're completely broke.
You go; I'm bitter. -- MST3K
You gonna bark all day, little doggie, or are you gonna bite? -- Reservoir Dogs
You got a head like a bowl full of cherries. -- David Byrne
You got it kid... the large print giveth and the small print taketh away.
You got to do what you can, and let Mother Nature do the rest. -- Meat Loaf
You got two black folk representing us through the Sixties. One of them was for violence, one was against and they both are dead. What is that saying? -- Snoop Doggy Dogg
You gotta draw the line somewhere. -- Mason to Dixon
You gotta know when to code 'em, know when to modem.
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em.
You gotta look out for Goddamn number-one, pardon-the-vulgarity. -- Hero
You gotta love a medicine that comes with a shot glass. -- Dennis Leary on Ny-Quil
You gotta stop screwing around, daddy.
You gotta wonder about a country that resisted Disneyland more than they resisted the Nazis.
You gotta wonder, with his beard, civil rights record, and jewish-sounding name, if Lincoln would even be let into the Republican party now. -- Bill Maher
You guys are all a bunch of deviants. -- Real Genius
You handed me a thousand drinks and never once talked about writing, except to suggest, after the five hundredth, that I might be King David. -- Leonard Cohen (From a letter sent in tribute to his publisher Jack McClelland, which was read at the Guadalajara International Book Fair on December 1, 1996)
You hate mail.
You have a body in the car, minus a head in the garage. Take me there. -- Pulp Fiction
You have a cough? Go home tonight, eat a whole box of Ex-Lax, and tomorrow you'll be afraid to cough. -- Pearl Williams
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a favorite Monkees episode? Ahem. -- John Dobbin
You have a frog in your pocket?
You have a massage. (From the Swedish prime minister.)
You have a master's degree in engineering but half the people in your department either didn't go to college or have history degrees, except if you have a master's from Stanford, in which case everyone in your department has a master's degree from Stanford -- You Know You're From Silicon Valley When:
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an authentic stupidity that's hard to counterfeit. -- Kevin Zygmontas
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationship.
You have been ordered to guard the President's life and to shoot anyone who attempts to get closer than 15 feet to him. While you are guarding him at a public occasion, a little, 6 year old girl runs at the President and gets too close. What is the first thing you feel after shooting her? -- from an alleged CIA psychological evaluation
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have been shattered into many pieces which will be picked up and devoured by a fat pig. Oh, wait, that's my fortune.
You have fallen so far behind, there is no reason to log in.
You have four years to escape CMU. If you do not escape... you become staff. -- Escape from CMU (by Dan Goldwasser and Brendan Dunham)
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have hate mail.
You have it easily in your power to increase the sum total of this world's happiness now. How? By giving a few words of sincere appreciation to someone who is lonely or discouraged. Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime. -- Dale Carnegie
You have junk mail.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
you have made a distinction between "car racing" and MX (motocross, to the uninitiated. two stroke, offroad motorbikes that race on dirt and sand tracks filled with big jumps and hazardous terrain). the difference is _not_ between bike and cars, or offroad and tarmac. in fact, it has absolutely nothing to do with what kind of motor racing is going on. it hinges on one very special principle. it is: (show me the) money. -- Chris Heiser
You have mail.
You have many friends and very few enemies.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have moments. You do have moments.
You have no business sense. Only laziness sense. -- Adam Rifkin
You have no idea how weird it is to attend a funeral for a man with exactly the same name as you. -- John Dobbin
You have no real enemies.
You have nothing better to do at 3 in the afternoon? I go out for a quart of milk and return to find you treating your body like an amusement park... too bad you can't do THAT for a living. You'd be very good at it! We could sell out Madison Square Garden. -- Estelle (on Seinfeld)
You have only a very small head and must live within it.
You have pretty eyes... Can I have one? -- Vince Farquharson
You have some intriguing ideas. Have you considered naming yourself after a radioactive element? -- Lewis Stiller
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need. -- Vernon Howard
You have the apple - the symbol of knowledge. It is bitten - the symbol of desire. You have the rainbow - but the colors are in the wrong order. Knowledge, lust, hope, and anarchy: any company with all that cannot help being mythic. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
You have the ass of a great artist. (Pick up line)
You have the attitude of a winner.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You will learn a lot today.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted,then used against you. -- MDTiger11@aol.com
You have to *assign* Heads to something! -- Friends
You have to be cheerful sometimes, you know.
You have to be pretty smart to get a zero on a true false test.
You have to decide at the end of the day if you can live with yourself. -- Princess Anne
You have to feel the delete. Be the delete. -- Jeremy Werner and Brian Hales
You have to find something to do while washing. There is only so much time you can spend admiring the fresh smell of irish spring. -- Richard Goodman
You have to go out there and give it 110% in the ninetieth minute.
You have to have stuff that sucks so you can tell the stuff that's cool. -- Butt-head
You have to keep busy. No dog has ever peed on a moving car.
You have to regard everything I say with suspicion - I may be trying to bullshit you, or I may just be bullshitting you inadvertantly. -- J. Wainwright
You have to see the sex act comically, as a child. -- W. H. Auden
You have to stay in shape. My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60. She's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is. -- Ellen DeGeneres
You have to stop the Q-Tip when there's resistance. -- Friends
You Have to Suffer to be Beautiful. You know, this would make a good title for a whole book. -- John Dobbin
You have to suffer to be beautiful. -- Megan Coughlin
You have to travel to America to truly understand what it means to think big. -- Volker Wieland
You have to watch out for rattlesnakes. They'll strike, they've formed a union.
You haven't a single redeeming vice.
You haven't got the brains you were born with. -- Howard Stern
You hit the nail right between the eyes.
You humans are all alike.
You just can't go wrong with a fisting joke. -- Jenni Miller
You just have to find more extreme sources of pleasure and emotion, such as sky diving, S&M sex, body piercing, harsh music, steroid based exercising, drag racing, and so forth. -- Richard Goodman
You just kissed the wrong ass goodbye. -- Mercy (Cyborg 2)
You just play one on screen. -- Adam Rifkin
You just said it was pneumonia. Trying to establish some sort of guilt by juxtaposition of events separated by "years" is very disingenuous. -- Robert Harley
You just think that's intellectual because you were educated with a banana and an inner tube... This is an intellectual-free zone. -- LA Story
You just think this is my leg.
You just wait til your father gets paroled! -- Top 5
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. -- Princess Bride
You kill a man, they call you murderer, you kill a million, and you are a conqueror. Go figure.
You killed Ted, you medieval dickweed -- Bill
YOU KLINGON BASTARD! YOU ATE MY LUNCH!! -- Vince Farquharson
You know about crumple zones? This car is what crumples them. -- Chris Heiser
You know Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocketship underpants don't help. -- Calvin
You know how most packages say "Open here". What is the protocol if the package says, "Open somewhere else"?
You know how the Roadrunner is always getting killed, and then keeps coming back to life? I think this sets a bad example for children, because no bird could really run as fast as the Roadrunner. -- Dan Lantz
You know how to tell if the teacher is hung over? Movie Day! -- Jay Mohr
You know how to win a victory, but not how to use it.
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
you know I made several points that were way better and more intelegent then that. but they didnt include them cause the media sucks. -- Steve Archer
You know if I could talk to the animals... I WOULDN'T, because they are ****ING ANIMALS! -- Dennis Miller
You know it, babe, but our love can never be, because I already belong to another. Besides, you're too young and innocent for the life of a rock and roll wife. -- Billie Joe to Laurie L.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
You know it's Unix when the backspace key often performs an action other than deleting the character to the left of the cursor. -- Raph Levien
You know one thing that will really make a woman mad? Just run up and kick her in the butt. (P.S. This also works with men.) -- Jack Handey
You know something that would really make me applaud? A guy gets stuck in quicksand, then sinks, then suddenly comes shooting out, riding on water skis! How do they do that?! -- Jack Handey
You know that feeling... you're not completely embarrassed yet, but you look forward to tomorrow's embarrassment? -- Jerry Maguire
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes? Why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?
You know that sweet girl from Saved by the Bell? Did you know that she did a dirty movie? -- Newsradio
You know that thing under the sink that catches all the dreck and keep it in one place? Now imagine it as an online service. -- Roy Silvernail on Delphi
You know that thing we were talking about? Guess what? George is into it! -- Seinfeld
You know that thing where we talk to each other about things? Let's not do that anymore. -- Friends
You know that when the truth is told that you can get what you want, or you can just get old. -- Billy Joel
You know the day destroys the night, Night divides the day, Try to run, try to hide, break on through to the other side. -- The Doors
You know the people who have the bumper stickers that say "Windows 95 = Mac '89"? These are the faithful, and I respect their faith, but I would like to respectfully point out that faith is dangerous. Religion kills. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
You know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
You know there's going to be trouble when you show up to a sneak preview attended by only ten other people, and five of them are chained together. I blame society for allowing this kind of hideous film to happen and one day I plan to take my vengeance. -- Mr. Cranky
You know those people who won't take no for an answer? Well, I'm not one of them. I'm easily discouraged. I *WILL* take no for an answer. -- The Last Days of Disco
You know too much Van Helsing for one who has lived but one lifetime. -- Dracula
You know what a tort is? It's like a pastry, with vanilla or chocolate. -- Howard Stern
You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question. -- Albert Camus
you know what i love about the shaft theme? i was walking through the library listening to it, and i havent showered in 2 days and im just filthy, and im looking around going, "yeah, im the baddest ass motherfucker in the whole damn library, man." -- May Jawdat
You know what I was just thinking? "No." Too bad, 'cause I forgot.
You know what it takes to sell real estate? It takes brass balls to sell real estate. -- Glengarry Glen Ross
You know what my talent is? My talent is that I can take a mailing list of 100 people I don't know and make them totally hate me. -- Andrew Stellman
You know what teenagers hate most? That no one listens to them. Actually, this is what I hate most. I think teenagers hate most the fact that science hasn't found a cure for zits. -- Adam Rifkin
You know what the best nation in the world is? Donation. -- With Honors
You know what the difference between you and me is? I make this look good. -- Men in Black
You know what we need, Hobbes? We need an attitude. -- Calvin
You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who makes people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea. -- Jack Handey
you know what your problem is? you need to spend _less_ time with situations where you know you will ultimately get (mentally/emotionally/physically) screwed, and _more_ time with me in a porsche with a loaded shotgun in the back. -- Chris Heiser
You know what? They got the fudge on the bottom - ya see? That enables you to control your fudge distribution as you're eating your ice cream. -- Seinfeld
You know what's great? Put a Hershey's kiss into your coffee. That last sip is oh so thick... but oh so tasty... -- Beth Erlanson
You know when you have reached maturity when you can listen to a friend describe every detail of his operation without saying a word about yours.
You know why last night was cool? Last night was cool because I got to say "I have firewall-1 in my pants and I'm not happy to see you"
You know why she's been feeling that way? It's because she's 19. It's good you're not bitter. Go find someone more mature. Throw your chute by 3,000. -- Barry Brumitt
You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo. -- S. Rickly Christian
You know you live in a small town when, even a 4 year old can tear the phone book.
You know you need sleep when you get into an elevator going down and it feels like you're going up. -- Sarah Sterling
You know you need to get out more when you think the Duracell family's daughter is one hot babe. -- John Switzer
You know you'll hate something when they won't tell you what it is. -- Calvin
You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car. -- Cyrus (Chicago Reader 1/22/82)
You know you're a redneck when your dog passes gas and you claim it.
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -- Bob Hope
You know you're getting old when you'd rather drop the main anchor than hoist the main sail. -- William Rifkin
You know you're growing old when dialing long distance wears you out.
You know you're in college when you go to Entropy and the only two things you buy are Saline solution and Trojans. -- Mathew Morton
You know you're no longer a teenager when the mere sight of one annoys the fuck out of you. -- Jennifer Knipper
You know you're on a small airplane when the pilot turns to you and says, "You want a beer?"
You know you're spending too much time on the computer when you don't know what any of your friends look like. -- Juliet Barrera
You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a ``++'' to fix it.
You know you've been watching too much Babylon 5 when your first response to a statement like that is, "Is hot pink your color?" -- Ari Rapkin
You know you've been webbing too long when you try to cut the URL from a bitmap (victory.gif) to paste into your browser... -- Robert Harley
You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
You know you've reached middle age when you have two temptations, and you pick the one that will get you home earliest. -- Lee Tully
You know your machine is slow when you start putting file commands like "rm" and "chmod" running in the background by habit... -- Chris Petro
You know, after that book, hearing Don talk about watching the working girls go by has a whole new meaning... -- John Dobbin
You know, dem bats is smart... dey use radar! -- David Letterman
You know, he's a much better doctor when he's raging drunk. -- Michelle Hall
You know, I feel like chewing bubble gum and kicking ass, and I'm all out of bubble gum.
You know, I have other friends I could spend time with. Not that they're any less depressing than you guys. -- Seinfeld
You know, I haven't been reading much of this thread, but if this paragraph is an indication, I probably should be. There's a Spice Girls sing along disc? I have to have this! This will be too cool! -- John Dobbin
You know, I really ought to be working on my novel...
You know, I think it would be kind of funny to give Paul Hill a choice between the electric chair and lethal injection. -- Dennis Miller
You know, I think people consider me obsessive. I'm really not. I'm not overly fond of cats, and I'm not a pyromaniac. Nor does my life revolve around Tiffany. -- John Dobbin
You know, I'm going to have a migraine tonight because I didn't beat you. -- Lt. Sipowicz (NYPD Blue)
You know, if some idiot were to sit in a huge fucking mansion that was surrounded by guards (armed or not), inside of a city that was surrounded by guards (armed or not), both of which being *forbidden* except for the in-crowd, and start to dictate who was spiritually clean and who wasn't, while sucking up the fruits of everyone's labor and never showing himself, in THIS country, the guys who came charging in over the hills, ganked those guards and ran that motherfucker out on a rail would be fucking patron saints. We are being lied to. -- Cliff Judge on the Dhali Llama
You know, if you poop at work (or school, or other people's houses, for that matter), you rarely have to buy toilet paper. -- Megan Coughlin
You know, if you sit both of us at keyboards and have us type back and forth enough, eventually we'll come up with something. And the two of us are a lot less expensive than an infinite number of monkeys. -- Adam Rifkin
You know, if you're capable of being saved by a song, you probably weren't nearly as close to the edge as you thought. -- John Dobbin
You know, it is so sad. All of your knowledge of high culture comes from Bugs Bunny cartoons. -- Elaine on Seinfeld
You know, it's dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section! -- My Blue Heaven
You know, it's not a good idea to end a psalm with "dammit". -- Lynne Powell
You know, knowledge is a tricky thing... -- Friends
You know, lately I'm beginning to understand the suicide impulse. I think it's probably just a misdirected version of the homicide impulse I've been feeling lately. -- John Dobbin
You know, men really ARE pigs.
you know, now that i'm an adult, i have a hard time distinguishing one straight-edge hardcore song from another -- Mike Belt
You know, one thing that I don't like about e-mail is that you always have to put a subject! I don't like to title my work!!! -- Michelle Gardner
You know, our young Steve has said so many things ...and their contrary. -- Jean-Louis Gassee
You know, sometimes I sit here and think, "Elaine. You're in your 30s. You've avaraged almost a boyfriend a week for five years. Maybe you ARE a slut." -- Seinfeld
You know, the computer revolution really loves itself. It's all about publicity really, it's about moving data fast and cheap, so maybe it's only natural that it gets entranced by its own hype. But you know, this isn't the last technological revolution that you and I are going to witness. -- Bruce Sterling
You know, the language of some of those messages that come up, it just absolutely drives me crazy. They are flat-out incomprehensible. -- William Gates II (The Microsoft CEO's father) on Windows error messages
You know, there are a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of them will just cheat on you. -- Silent Bob (Clerks)
You know, there are this few virgins without minotaurs, imagine what things would be like if every city had a minotaur. -- John Dobbin
You know, we are ACTUALLY BEING TRULY ORGANIZED THIS YEAR!!! -- Mani Chandy
You know, we've won awards for this crap. -- David Letterman
You know, when you only have two feet, it's a lot of work to keep pulling them out of your mouth so you can insert them again. -- Jon Ferro
You know, you don't have to read everything everyone ever recommends to you. Just everything *I* recommend to you. -- Megan Coughlin
you know, you're not the first person to ask me about my world domination plans, and to be perfectly honest, i don't have any. i mean, it's hard enough for me to manage my own projects, much less the world. really, just try to imagine the amount of paperwork involved in running the world. i'm happy enough to leave that to the lawyers and the accountants, thank you very much. -- Andrew Stellman
You lead the most annoyingly pedestrian existance. Shouldn't you be watching Friends or something? -- David Swim
You learn not to learn as an adult. I've been trying to look at things with the eyes of a child. -- Dishwalla
You let life get in your way. -- Love Spit Love
You lie about the things you lie about. -- Too Much Joy
You lie like a sheet. -- Adam Rifkin
You lied to me! You, a Muncie girl! -- Hudsucker Proxy
you like jerks. fortunately, that fact makes this conversation possible. -- Chris Heiser
You like participating in competitive sports.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You little stinkler! -- Thanh Boyer
You live and learn. At any rate, you live. -- Douglas Adams
You live and you learn--or you don't live long.
You look as happy as a man who thought a cat had done its business on his pie but then it turned out to be a really big blackberry. -- Blackadder III
You look like a million bucks. All green and wrinkled.
You look like an undercover cop trying to look hip. -- So I Married an Axe Murderer
You look like someone from a Renaissance painting... someone scurrying around in the background emptying chamber-pots or the like. -- a friend to Cosma Rhilla Shalizi
You look like... a doily. -- Reality Bites
You look marvelous.
You look old enough to be your own father.
You look tired
You lost your savings throw vs. cause light guilt. On a 1d20, you rolled a Bite Me. -- Aleecia McDonald
You love peace.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You made a woman MEOW? -- When Harry Met Sally
You managed to hit one of them, bounced off. They lift up their rifles and return fire. Your struck 38 times in the back and legs and as you hit the ground you roll over and manage to look up at the building just as you die. It reads: 'Arasaka Securities'. [ pause ] 'Have another character ready?' -- jmg@bigbang.la.asu.edu's GM
You may already be a wiener
You may attend a party where strange customs prevail.
You may be a lover but you aint no dancer
You may be capable of great things, but life consists of small things. -- Deng Ming-Dao
You may be conservative, cautious and practical.
You may be getting interference from the war between the Beast and the King of Lambs. Reboot and try again after a few tribulations -- Ruben Bolling
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You may be recognized soon. Perhaps you should hide?
You may be right. I may be crazy. But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for. -- Billy Joel
You may begin approaching Zen through any path you know - even if it is completely antithetical to Zen. As you approach it, you gradually learn to stray from that path. The more you stray from the path, the closer you get to Zen. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
You may find that your self doubt means that nothing ever was there. -- Green Day
You may find yourself behind the wheel of a large automobile. -- Talking Heads
You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog. -- Alfred Kahn
You may have mail.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. -- Margaret Thatcher
You may know what you need, but to get what you want better see that you keep what you have. -- Steven Sondheim
You may not be really hot, but I bet you like to do it. -- Butt-head
You may not use the Yahoo! FinanceVision software or content to operate nuclear facilities, life support or other medical equipment.... [may not] use the Yahoo! FinanceVision software or content while driving, biking, boating, operating machinery or engaging in any activity which demands constant attention. -- Yahoo! FinanceVision license agreement
You may now log in to life. Password:
You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on. (Rules for driving in New York)
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. -- John Lennon
You may think you are smart, but you are no Epstein.
You mean I can put stuff past column 72? WOW UNIX is great
You mean I can send mail to myself?
You mean I have to take classes??!!?! But I just came here for the beer...
You mean you can't take less, it's very easy to take more than nothing.
You mean you didn't hear about the free Koolaid at WWDC? -- Chris Hanson
You mean you don't want animals named Frank and Buns? Think of the opportunities for hilarity that you'd be passing up... -- John Dobbin
You mean, we have ANOTHER modem to feed?
You mean, you put down your rock, and I put down my sword, and we try to kill each other like civilized people? -- The Princess Bride
You might be a physics major... if it is sunny and 70 degrees outside, and you are working on a computer.
You might be a physics major... if the "fun" center of your brain has deteriorated from lack of use.
You might be a physics major... if the Humane society has you arrested because you actually performed the Schrodinger's Cat experiment.
You might be a physics major... if when your professor asks you where your homework is, you claim to have accidentally determined its momentum so precisely, that according to Heisenberg it could be anywhere in the universe.
You might be a physics major... if you are completely addicted to caffeine.
You might be a physics major... if you avoid doing anything because you don't want to contribute to the eventual heat-death of the universe.
You might be a physics major... if you can translate English into Binary.
You might be a physics major... if you can't remember what's behind the door in the science building labelled "Exit."
You might be a physics major... if you chuckle whenever anyone says "centrifugal force."
You might be a physics major... if you consider ANY non-science course "easy."
You might be a physics major... if you have a pet named after a scientist.
You might be a physics major... if you have no life - and you can PROVE it mathematically.
You might be a physics major... if you have to bring a jacket with you, in the middle of summer, because there's a wind-chill factor in the lab.
You might be a physics major... if you hesitate to look at something because you don't want to break down its wave function.
You might be a physics major... if you know how to integrate a chicken and can take the derivative of water.
You might be a physics major... if you know vector calculus but you can't remember how to do long division.
You might be a physics major... if you make a hard copy of this list, and post it on your door.
You might be a physics major... if you understood more than five of these indicators.
You might be a physics major... if you'll assume that a "horse" is a "sphere" in order to make the math easier.
You might be a physics major... if you've actually used every single function on your graphing calculator.
You might be a physics major... if you've calculated that the World Series actually diverges.
You might be a redneck if birds are attracted to your beard.
You might be a redneck if chiggers are included on your list of top 5 hygiene concerns.
You might be a redneck if directions to your house include "Turn off the paved road."
You might be a redneck if every socket in your house breaks a fire code.
You might be a redneck if going to the bathroom at night involves shoes and a flashlight.
You might be a redneck if Jack Daniels makes you list of most admired people.
You might be a redneck if people hear your car a long time before they see it.
You might be a redneck if Redman Chewing Tobacco sends you a Christmas card.
You might be a redneck if someone asks to see your ID and you show them your belt buckle.
You might be a redneck if the dog can't watch you eat without gagging.
You might be a redneck if the dog catcher calls for a backup unit when visiting your house.
You might be a redneck if the gas pedal on your car is shaped like a bare foot.
You might be a redneck if the Home Shopping operator recognizes your voice.
You might be a redneck if the main course at potluck dinners is roadkill.
You might be a redneck if the primary color of your car is bondo.
You might be a redneck if the Salvation Army declines your mattress.
You might be a redneck if the taillight covers of your car are made of red tape.
You might be a redneck if there are more than five McDonald's bags in your car.
You might be a redneck if there has ever been crime-scene tape on your bathroom door.
You might be a redneck if you bought a VCR because wrestling comes on while you're at work.
You might be a redneck if you burn your yard rather than mow it.
You might be a redneck if you clean your fingernails with a stick.
You might be a redneck if you consider a six pack of beer and a bug zapper entertainment.
You might be a redneck if you consider the fifth grade you senior year.
You might be a redneck if you ever cut your grass and found a car.
You might be a redneck if you ever lost a tooth opening a beer bottle.
You might be a redneck if you go to a stock car race and don't need a program.
You might be a redneck if you have a hefty bag where the window of your car should be.
You might be a redneck if you have a rag for a gas cap.
You might be a redneck if you have ever bar-b-qued Spam on the grill.
You might be a redneck if you have ever spraypainted your girlfriends name on an overpass.
You might be a redneck if you have ever used lard in bed.
You might be a redneck if you have every episode of Hee-Haw on tape.
You might be a redneck if you have one last dip and you keep it for 3 days.
You might be a redneck if you have the local taxidermist's number on speed dial.
You might be a redneck if you keep a can of RAID on the kitchen table.
You might be a redneck if you owe the taxidermist more than your annual income.
You might be a redneck if you own a home that is mobile and 5 cars that aren't.
You might be a redneck if you own a homemade fur coat.
You might be a redneck if you own more than 3 shirts with cut off sleeves.
You might be a redneck if you pick your teeth from a catalog.
You might be a redneck if you prefer car keys to Q-tips.
You might be a redneck if you read the Auto Trader with a highlight pen.
You might be a redneck if you see no need to stop at a rest stop 'cause you have an empty milk jug.
You might be a redneck if you take a fishing pole into Sea World.
You might be a redneck if you think "taking out the trash" means taking your in-laws to a movie.
You might be a redneck if you think a chain saw is a musical instrument.
You might be a redneck if you think a hot tub is a stolen bathroom fixture.
You might be a redneck if you think a subdivision is part of a math problem.
You might be a redneck if you think a turtleneck is key ingredient for soup.
You might be a redneck if you think suspenders are a type of shirt.
You might be a redneck if you think the French Riviera is foreign car.
You might be a redneck if you think the stock market has a fence around it.
You might be a redneck if you view the next family reunion as a chance to meet girls.
You might be a redneck if you wait for rain to get a free shower. Wait, I do this. I hang my rugs out in a thunder-storm, too.
You might be a redneck if you were shooting pool when any of your kids were born.
You might be a redneck if you're considered an expert on wormbeds.
You might be a redneck if you've ever bathed with flea and tick soap.
You might be a redneck if you've ever been involved in a custody fight over a hunting dog.
You might be a redneck if you've ever been kicked out of the zoo for heckling monkeys.
You might be a redneck if you've ever bought a used cap.
You might be a redneck if you've ever filled your deer tag on the golf course.
You might be a redneck if you've ever financed a tatoo.
You might be a redneck if you've ever given rat traps as gifts.
You might be a redneck if you've ever hit a deer with your car... deliberately.
You might be a redneck if you've ever raked leaves in your kitchen.
You might be a redneck if you've ever stolen toilet paper.
You might be a redneck if you've ever stood in line to have your picture taken with a freak of nature.
You might be a redneck if you've totaled every car you've ever owned.
You might be a redneck if your boat has not left the drive-way in 15 years.
You might be a redneck if your brother-in-law is also your uncle.
You might be a redneck if your CB antenna is a danger to low-flying planes.
You might be a redneck if your coffee table used to be a cable spool.
You might be a redneck if your dad walks you to school because you're in the same grade.
You might be a redneck if your dog and your wallet are both on a chain.
You might be a redneck if your family tree does not fork.
You might be a redneck if your front porch collapses and kills more than five dogs.
You might be a redneck if your kids take a siphon hose to "Show and Tell."
You might be a redneck if your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand.
You might be a redneck if your mother has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
You might be a redneck if your other truck is made by John Deere.
You might be a redneck if your school fight song was "Dueling Banjos".
You might be a redneck if your stereo speakers used to belong to the Drive-in Theater.
You might be a redneck if your wife can climb a tree faster than your cat.
You might be a redneck if your wife has a beer belly and you find it attractive.
You might be a redneck if your wife has ever said, "Come move this transmission so I can take a bath."
You might be a redneck if your wife's hairdo has ever been ruined by a ceiling fan.
You might be a redneck if your wife's job requires her to wear an orange vest.
You might be a Republican if... Vietnam makes a lot of sense to you.
You might be a Republican if... you call mall rent-a-cops "jack-booted thugs."
You might be a Republican if... you ever based an argument on the phrase, "Well, tradition dictates..."
You might be a Republican if... you ever told a child that Oscar the Grouch, "lives in a trash can because he is lazy and doesn't want to contribute to society."
You might be a Republican if... you point to Hootie and the Blowfish as evidence of the end of racism in America.
You might be a Republican if... you scream "Dit-dit-ditto" while making love.
You might be a Republican if... you think all artists are gay.
You might be a Republican if... you think Huey Newton is a cookie.
You might be a Republican if... you wonder if donations to the Pentagon are tax-deductable.
You might be a Republican if... you're a pro-lifer, but support the death penalty.
You might be a Republican if... you're afraid of the "liberal media."
You might be a Republican if... you've argued that art has a "moral foundation set in Western values."
You might be a Republican if... you've ever called the National Endowment for the Arts a bunch of pornographers.
You might be a Republican if... you've ever referred to Anita Hill as a "lying bitch" while attending a Bob Packwood fund-raiser.
You might be a Republican if... you've ever referred to someone as "my (insert racial or ethnic minority here) friend."
You might be a Republican if... you've ever referred to the moral fiber of something.
You might be a Republican if... you've ever said civil liberties, schmivil schmiberties.
You might be a Republican if... you've ever said, "Clean air? Looks clean to me."
You might be a Republican if... you've ever tried to prove Jesus was a capitalist and opposed to welfare.
You might be a Republican if... you've ever urged someone to pull themselves up by their bootstraps, when they don't even have shoes.
You might be a Republican if... you've ever uttered the phrase, "Why don't we just bomb the sons of bitches."
You might be a Republican if... you've ever yelled, "Hey hippie, get a haircut."
You might be a Republican if... you've tried to argue that poverty could be abolished if people were just allowed to keep more of their minimum wage.
You might consider it a duck, but does it quack?
You might have mail!
You might have mail.
You might say I'm looking for some work. I can frighten people with my mind. I can tear their souls out with the diamonds in my eyes. I have found my rage and I am willing to use it. I can juggle three basketballs. I can write faster than I can think. I'm convinced I can defend Microsoft, single handedly, in an argument against dozens of the unhinged. I prefer to do, than to talk. I've invented my own passions, and have faced my fears. I confuse courage with desperation, and lattes with capachinos. -- Scott Berkun
You might think that, but I don't think you're considering the fact that I already called, "No backsies" and my cootie booster is up to date. -- Andrew Stellman
You misguided ham shank, love is another word for lust plus more lust and a lot of cheating, lies and other kinds of fooling around. -- Ingmar Bergman (The Seventh Seal)
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -- Wayne Gretsky's Coach
You miss too much these days when you stop to think. -- U2
You misunderstand. I'm not a sexist, I'm a misogynist. I don't have anything against any of the _other_ sexes, just women.
You move your homes into my abode, you bulldoze a canyon for a toll road, you have an airport for supersonic jets; so, I'll come down and eat your pets. -- the Bobcats
You must *not* major in mathematics, physics, biology, or chemistry, because these subjects involve actual facts. -- Dave Barry
You must always change the way it is, to have it the way you want.
You must be _this_ cool in order to enter -- Sean Simmons
You must be mad, said the Cheshire Cat, or you wouldn't have come here. -- Lewis Carroll
You must be patient for a little while.
You must be the sort of person who can see the glamor in any project if it has an elegant design. You must be the sort of person who finds bad design physically nauseating. -- William Shipley (Omni Group)
You must believe in free-will; there is no choice. -- Isaac Singer
You must believe in God in spite of what the clergy say. -- Benjamin Jowett
You MUST chill! I love you, man! -- Say Anything
You must find the jade monkey before the next full moon.
You must get involved to have an impact. No one is impressed with the won-loss record of the referee. -- John H. Holcomb (The Militant Moderate)
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by. Yes, but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by. -- James M. Barrie
You must have the courage to face the truth! -- Rush Limbaugh
You must kneel and pray five times a day facing Redmond, Washington. -- Top 5
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You couldn't ever live long enough to make them all yourself.
You must not be very tall. Even when I aim a below-the-belt shot, it flies right over your head.
You must realize that the computer has it in for you. The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
You must sink the Bismarck. -- MST3K
You must sleep sometime between lunch and dinner, and no halfway measures. Take off your clothes and get into bed. That's what I always do. Don't think you will be doing less work because you sleep during the day. That's a foolish notion held by people who have no imaginations. You will be able to accomplish more. You get two days in one -- well, at least one and a half. -- Winston Churchill
You need a hand with that? -- A good samaritan leper
You need a license to fly a plane, you need a license to drive a car, hell, you even need a license to catch a fish, but they'll let just any asshole be a father. -- Parenthood
You need a license to own a dog, but not to have a child.
You need a man in your life, baby. And like, I need a woman. Let's like get into each other's life or whatever. -- Butt-head
You need an exit strategy to be able to walk away a winner, and today, mine was realized.... Effective today at midnight, I have resigned from America Online Inc. in order to spend money, race motorcycles, and drink scotch. I am, at age 27.85, retired. It's the American Dream, but with less full frontal nudity and more political undertones. God Bless Steve Case! -- Hal McCabe (in his goodbye e-mail)
You need more tact in the dangerous art of giving presents than in any other social action. -- William Bolitho
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You need not worry about your future.
You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for independence. -- C.A. Beard
You need to acquire a little subtlety.
You need to create aliases dobbinh dobbinb dobbinj dobbink dobbinm... -- John Dobbin
You need to sing with all the voices of the mountain; you need to paint with all the colors of the wind. -- Pocahontas
You need to understand... no... wait... you don't... -- Jessica Marrell
You needn't be fully dressed if you wear a cap and gown to a nine o'clock recitation.
You never find an article until you replace it.
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.
You never finish anything you haven't started.
You never have mail.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a cottage at the beach.
You never know what you will be attracted to... or who you will love... till it happens to you. -- Jaye Davidson
You never know when you're making a memory. -- Rickie Lee Jones
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
You never want people to think you're too smart! Trust me, it leads to a painful life of being beseiged by the clueless... blend in with the crowd! -- Rohit Khare
You never want the one you can afford.
You now have 15 minutes to reach minimum safe distance. -- Aliens
You now have Asian Flu.
You only beat me if you get me to hate. -- Billy Joel
You only have enough horsepower when you can burn the tires all the way down the straightaway. And then you don't have enough. -- Mark Donahue
You only have power over people so long as you don't take everything away from them. But when you've robbed a man of everything, he's no longer in your power. He's free again. -- A. Solzhenitsyn
You only have three or four hundred words to do this and please don't do it in Zapf Dingbats -- Matt Weiss
You only have to give me one pushup, soldier, if it's your bra. -- Top 5
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough. -- Joe Lewis
You open that scab, there's a hell of a lot of things... This involves these Cubans, Hunt, and a lot of hanky-panky that we have nothing to do with... -- Richard Milhouse Nixon
You order a double Whopper and he says, "My name ain't Rockefeller, honey." -- David Letterman
You overheard the coach yelling, "Run, Forrest, run!" -- David Letterman
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You pat me on the head, you took me out to wine, dine, 69 me, but didn't hear a damn word I said. I see right through you. -- Alanis Morissette
You pathetic, puny, puking, putrid puddle of poodle piss
You people are so stupid. You throw it all away. -- subUrbia
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You probably would have done the computing community a favor if you had just hosed his ass down with "Carpet Fresh". -- Paul Mazaitis
You provide illumination for that period of time delimited by my nativity and the complete cessation of my metabolic functions.
You put the art back in fart. -- Sam Greenfield
You realize of course that I'm going to have to start talking like a serial killer in toontown now, right? -- John Dobbin
You realize, of course, that it snowed in Pittsburgh yesterday. Fuck you. -- Marc Unangst
You realize, of course, that this means war. -- Bugs Bunny
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You remember *what* to kiss, but forget *whose*. -- Top 5
You remember the names of the three closest cheap sushi joints, the location of all the Fry's in the area and which companies your friends work for that are going public in the next year, but don't know the name of the mayor -- You Know You're From Silicon Valley When:
You remind me of opium, a slow working dope.
You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
You ruined my jacket! Kill him A LOT! -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
You said you'd get her a job and take her to see Snoop Doggy Dogg's gun collection. -- Rugburns
You saw him? He calls himself the marquis de Carabas. He's a fraud and a cheat and possibly even something of a monster. If you're ever in trouble, go to him. He will protect you, girl. He has to. -- Portico (Neverwhere)
You say a lot of incredibly stupid things. You're not on a list where ISTs are tolerated. Anyone who thinks that human psychology is composed of absolutes is a moron and by the popular definition, the textbook one being nonexistent. You are a wounded fish in an ocean of razor jaws, and it's only a matter of time before the powerhouse wits in here get bored of shooting into the barrel. -- Chris Fox
You say money isn't everything, but I'd like to see you live without it. -- Silverchair
You say that my way of thinking cannot be tolerated? What of it? The man who alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool. My way of thinking is the result of my reflections. It is part of my inner being, the way I am made. I do not contradict them, and would not even if I wished to. For my system, which you disapprove of, is also my greatest comfort in life, the source of all my happiness -- it means more to me than my life itself. -- Marquis de Sade
You say that now, but try chewing a child the next time you're car sick.
You say things with your eyes that others waste time putting into words.
You say tomato, I say harrassment. -- Adam Rifkin
You say tomato, I say hubba hubba. -- Adam Rifkin
You say, 'new features!!' and I hear, 'new bugs!!'
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
You see that building over there? I bought it three years ago. My first real estate transaction. I sold it ten months later and made $800,000 profit. It was better than sex. At the time it was all the money in the world. Now it's a day's pay. -- Wall Street
You see the glass as half full, I see it as almost broken. -- John Dobbin
You see things; and you say, Why? But I dream things that never were; and I say, Why not? -- George Bernard Shaw
You see! We may not agree on many points, but it takes someone we all despise to galvanize our dislikes so we band together to form an ugly mob. Go hate! -- Jose Calvo
You see, I recently discovered that my soul mate had been very close to me all along. Attatched to my right wrist, as a matter of fact. -- Cliff Judge
You see, our experts describe you as an appallingly dull fellow, unimaginative, timid, lacking in initiative, spineless, easily dominated, no sense of humour, tedious company and irrepressibly drab and awful. And whereas in most professions these would be considerable drawbacks, in chartered accountancy they are a positive boon. -- Monty Python (Flying Circus)
You see, that's one of the great things about getting involved with someone from another country. You can't take it personally. What's really terrific is that when we act in ways which might objectively seem asshole-ish or, or, incredibly annoying, they don't get upset at all. They don't take it personally. They just assume it's some national characteristic. -- Ted Boynton (Barcelona)
You see, that's the difference between us. I assume the best about people, while you assume the worst. So I get hurt, but you get nothing. -- Sondra Ahlen
You see, to me, the art of music is listening to it, not playing it. The real art of it is hearing it. -- Keith Richards
You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive them there. The only difference is that there is no cat. -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955, when asked to describe radio)
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You seen one redwood, you seen them all. -- Ronald Reagan
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
You should be reading the Wall Street Journal before you read Mother Jones. The enemy puts out a paper every day to tell you what they are up to. That's incredible. Imagine the Nazis doing that every day, sending out a sheet that says, "Here's what we're up to." Corporate America does that on a daily basis. -- Michael Moore
You should break a programmer's fingers if they do this. -- Darrell Long on self modifying code
You should either call your rock band Better Than Plastic or Monkeys on Coke. -- Howard Stern
You should emulate your heroes, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they're dead.
You should go home.
You should hardly ever equivocate.
You should hear the noise she makes when she eats a boiled egg. -- Blackadder IV
You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than about 10^12 to 1. -- Ernest Rutherford
You should never have a hobby that eats. -- Amarillo Slim Preston
You should never stand in love's way, especially if love is driving a bus. -- R.M. Weiner
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty. -- Henrick Ibson
You should not attempt this technique unless you meet the following criterion: You are a complete idiot. -- Dave Barry
You should not discount Jean-Luc Picard yet. He's human. And humans have a way of showing up when you least expect them.
You should not live one way in private, another in public. -- Publilius Syrus
You should quit traumatizing women with sexual intercourse. I should know, I'm a medical doctor. -- Slacker
You should try spending 14 years hanging out on a dry twig waiting for some dumb warm blooded fool to walk past so you can jump on it, suck out some blood, lay some eggs and later get eaten by your own young. I tell you it's not easy being a lawyer. -- Chris Rapier
You should understand the difference between a null pointer and a pointer to an empty string; the first points nowhere, and the second points to a string of length zero. If this still confuses you, consider the difference between having an empty stomach, and having no stomach at all. (211 assignment #2)
You should use contraceptives at every conceivable occasion.
You should watch where I'm going. -- Frankenstein
You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture. -- Business Professor (University of Georgia)
You should've heard me before you got here. -- Ro
You shouldn't get hung up on a few names. -- Schindler's List
You shouldn't keep souvenirs of a killing. You shouldn't have been that sentimental. -- Vertigo
You shouldn't look at a lunar eclipse with the naked eye, it's very dangerous. Many people have been blinded looking straight at the moon. -- John Dobbin
You shouldn't need to install simple programs to run them. You shouldn't need to reboot to install simple programs. You shouldn't need to reboot to change settings. You shouldn't need to reboot. -- Sam Kass
You shouldn't take everything you read on the net seriously... People like me post on the net. -- Geoff Spear
You shouldn't touch a pig unless it hasn't been in the mud.
You showed admirable restraint for one so small. -- Worf (Star Trek, The Next Generation)
You shut your mouth, how can you say I go about things the wrong way. I am human and I need to be loved just like everybody else does. -- the Smiths
You snored like a whale. -- Thanh Boyer
You sometimes may get the feeling that I don't like you. This is not the case. I just don't care about you. If you think you disturb me, you're wrong. You just irritate me to no end, like an incessant gnat that's always around and won't go away. The point is, and if you think i'm speaking slowly, it's only because i want to be painfully clear on this part so there's no misunderstanding, you are one of the most pathetic, annoying, self impressed, petulant, boring, consistently stupid, and absolutely unimpressive and useless people i have ever met, and if you don't mind, would you please *go away* and leave me alone.
You sound so happy we'll all chip in and buy you a kevlar bodysuit. -- Rohit Khare
You steal the crown jewel of a man's life, and all you can come up with is some [wimpy] Hallmark sentiment? -- A Perfect Murder
You still need the last file you removed.
You stole my heart, but Lojack found it.
You swear more before you get to work than most gangsta rappers do all day. -- Top 5
You take all the trees, put the in a tree museum. Then you charge everybody a dollar and a quarter just to see them. -- Joanie Mitchell
You take someone to the airport, it's clearly the beginning of a relationship. -- When Harry Met Sally
You take the TV out of this relationship, and it is just torture. -- George Costanza
You take Visa? Take it! -- Jerry Maguire
You talk too much. -- Jerry Maguire
You tap them and they bounce back to the position they started in. What could be more fun than that? -- John Dobbin
You tell me and I forget. You show me and I remember. I do and I learn.
You then either massage the data, or eat it raw. -- Phil Kearns
You think it's easy for me to misconstrue all these misquotations?!?
You think Oedipus had a problem --- Adam was Eve's mother.
You think they'll have that on the tour? -- Jurassic Park
You think we're fighting, and I think we are finally talking. -- Jerry Maguire
You think you own whatever land you land on; the earth is just a dead thing you can claim. But I know every rock and tree and creature has a life, has a spirit, has a name. -- Pocahontas
You think, therefore you are; but what makes you think you are thinking?
you this know parsed cannot sentence be unambiguously. -- Adam Rifkin
You told me to paint whatever comes from within. I did my breakfast. -- Blackadder IV
You too can prevent forests.
You travel in large groups of one. -- Encino Man
You tread upon my patience.
You turn the tap dance into your crusade. -- Billy Joel
You two need to work on trust. Only then will there be a free exchange of sex and discounts. -- Seinfeld
You understand human nature and sympathize with its weakness.
You understand, of course, that everything I say is horseshit. -- Kurt Vonnegut
You unlock this door with the key of imagination.
You used to be indecisive. Now you're not sure.
You uudecode it. "How do I I I decode it?"
You wake me up early in the morning to tell me I am right? Please wait until I am wrong. -- John Von Neumann at 10 a.m.
You wanna know how to nail Capone? This is how you nail Capone: he pulls a knife you pull a gun, he puts one of yours in the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. THAT'S how you nail Capone. -- Sean Connery in "The Untouchables"
You want a fortune? I'll give you a fortune. Blech
You want a mystery? Pick up your phone book... and tell me what are all these people doing living around here... -- Howe Gelb
You want I should bop you with this here lollipop?
You want to remember this, because it's one of those rare things that makes a reasonable exam question. -- Ari Rapkin's uvacs quotes
You want to talk to God? Let's go see him together, I've got nothing better to do! -- Indiana Jones
You want your coffee, you want your food, blend it, suck it down, leave us alone. -- Rohit Khare
You waste your talent debunking me. Debunk something you can make money debunking. (I really like the word debunk.) -- John Dobbin
You were a stranger to sorrow; thus fate has cursed you.
You were born with your legs apart. They'll send you to your grave in a Y-shaped coffin. -- Joe Orton
You were in jail... You had no hope... So I took the liberty of bullshitting you. -- Blues Brothers
You were right about your family sliding down the normal curve. -- Adam Rifkin
You were the only person I knew in New York. -- When Harry Met Sally
You were you two years ago, which is a different person from you now. You see, now you are me two years ago. In two years, you'll be me, but then I'll be someone else. So you see, you'll never *be* me, but we have been the same person at points. -- Adam Rifkin
You weren't born yesterday? Too bad, we could have worked on developing that personality of yours. -- Blackadder IV
You will always be successful in your business or professional career.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be a guest at a happy party that will have important consequences for you.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You WILL be assimilated into the PDA revolution... resistance, if less than one ohm, is futile... -- Sam Kass
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize--posthumously.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be invited to dine with many important people. Once.
You will be made happy by receipt of good news.
You will be married within a year.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be proud in manner but tolerant and generous.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be squirrely today.
You will be successful in love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will be where you most desire to be in a short while.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
you will CEASE from speaking, or I WILL RIP OUT YOUR TONGUE. Lightly braise it with a lemon/pepper sauce, and feed it to you. -- Vijay Gill
You will die of terminal acne.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm. -- Colette
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will engage in a profitable friendship.
You will enjoy the high praise of solving a problem of long standing.
You will eventually get to a stage where you realize that all operating systems are gross ugly hacks.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will find what is not lost and enter where there are no doors.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will gain money by an illegal or immoral action.
You will get a new job as a Massage Trainee, with the International House of Contractors, Ltd. Strange job, and it won't pay much, but it'll make for some amusing stories at parties.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a flat tire before the end of the month.
You will have a head crash on your private pack.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and healthy life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have a slight but nagging urge to send your shoes to Microsoft. Try to fight it. It's just a slight mix-up in their subliminal advertising.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will have many friends when you use a corkscrew.
You will have many recoverable tape errors.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will know happy motorcyclist by the bug stains on his teeth.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live by the side of the road and help some pilgrim along life's way.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose an important file.
You will marry your present lover and be happy.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never FIND time for anything. If you want time you must make it. -- Charles Buxton
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will notice that in all disputes between Christians since the birth of the Church, Rome has always favored the doctrine which most completely subjugated the human mind and annihilated reason. -- Voltaire
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will outlive those who seek to destroy you.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will realize that you are surrounded by miracles if you take nothing for granted. -- Kathryn Major
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will receive a present, over which you will shed tears of joy.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will secure the greatest degree of happiness if you marry young.
You will soon finish your thesis!
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will soon meet a stranger who will become your friend.
You will soon meet a strangler who will become your fiend.
You will soon spend a great deal of time with someone who lacks the power of conversation. Unfortunately for you, they will not lack the power of speech.
You will soon take that long awaited vacation.
You will spend the rest of your life in the future.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will survive the conflagration.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will visit some faraway land that has long been in your waking thoughts.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You woke up in a tu-tu, a bra and scuba flippers - but where the hell is your hockey mask? -- Top 5
You wonder what faculty do? We sit around drinking beer and discussing free-body diagrams. -- Jerry Griffin
You wore blue, the germans wore grey.
You wore our expectations like an armored suit. -- REM
you work with freaks because you live in a city of hippie crunchy punky newage technophillic wannabe dorks who couldn't find their way out of a tautology with a flash light and Hume. -- Chris Rapier
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You're not paid enough to worry.
You would be a very bad dog. -- Megan Coughlin to John Dobbin
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You would not have liked Nietzsche, sir. He is fundamentally unsound. -- Jeeves (Jeeves Takes Charge)
You wouldn't eat broccoli if it was deep fried in chocolate. -- Seinfeld
You wouldn't get hype working if there weren't something fundamentally potentially sound under it. The issue really gets to the increasing evidence that a significant part of the distribution of goods and services is going to move from conventional channels into some form of Internet system. -- Alan Greenspan (1/28/99)
You wouldn't happen to have anything less... ducky?
You wouldn't know a subtle plan if it painted itself purple and stood on a harpsichord singing 'Subtle plans are here again.' -- Blackadder III
You wouldn't know crazy if Charles Manson was eating poodles on your porch.
You yellow rat bastard. You cocker spaniel. You mother father. -- Billy West
You young people are the ones who stole all the Evel Kneivel toys from KMART. -- Evel Kneivel to Beck
you! with the powerful multimedia toolkit! knock it off! your content sucks or i would have bought it at the bookstore! -- Faisal Jawdat
You, madam, have never dealt with the government in your life. That is the only reason I can come up with to explain the statement, "We don't make mistakes". -- Andrew Stellman
You, me, five bucks, and a little conversation. -- Reality Bites
You-all means a race or a section, family, party, tribe, or clan; you-all means the whole connection of the individual man.
You. You're cute. You'll do. Come with me. -- Vijay Gill
You... are going... to die! Because I... am going... to KILL you! -- MST3K
You: Class of 1958 - Most Likely to Succeed. Your date: Class of 2002 - Most likely to get you arrested. -- Top 5
You'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo. Useful feature, that. -- Marcus J. Ranum
You'd better inspire before you expire. The thought of which makes me perspire. -- Adam Rifkin
You'd better stand back... I don't know how big this thing gets. -- Adam (To Eve)
You'd better tuck in that lip, or it'll get caught on a tripwire. -- Forrest Gump
You'd look perfect in something long and flowing... say, a river.
You'd rather the whole world were sane and well-adjusted? How dreadfully dull such a world would be. -- Adam Rifkin
You'd really spend about a hundred dollars for fake testicles for your cat? I'm not sure I'd spend that for fake testicles for myself. -- John Dobbin
You'll be called to a post requiring high ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be making money hand over fist! -- Friends
You'll be sorry.
You'll find a god in every golden cloister, and if you're lucky then the god's a she. -- Chess
You'll find me on one everyday unless I decide to use a multi-stage thermonuclear device on all my computers. -- Gary Boswell
You'll get your space when you type it with my severed dead hand. -- John Dobbin
You'll go *fifteen* rounds over who's gonna get this coffee table. This STUPID, WAGON wheel, ROY Rogers, GARAGE sale COFFEE table! -- When Harry Met Sally
You'll go to Heck if you don't believe in Gosh.
You'll hear the words "get the disk" so many times, you'll seriously consider giving up the comforts of modern life and moving into a grass hut somewhere. -- Mr. Cranky
You'll never be the man your mother was.
You'll never see the end of the road when you're traveling with me. -- Crowded House
You'll note I didn't post the link until my order was confirmed. I'm all about sharing the love, but not at the risk of having the love backordered. -- CrazyUncleJoe (MetaFilter)
You'll notice that 'telephony' has a 'phony' in it. -- Ash Gokhale
You're 10 seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life! -- Ford Fairlane
You're a blood-sucking vampire; wait'll mom finds out! -- The Lost Boys
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
You're a catholic, for christ's sake! You're not supposed to be lenient. -- Darrell Long
You're a creature of the night, Michael. Wait'll Mom hears about this. -- from The Lost Boys
You're a good and valued friend but I probably wouldn't assassinate you without the proper fees, paid in advance. -- Greg Plesur
You're a legend in your own mind!
You're a little, little man. -- Mad About You
You're a much nicer person than I am, so I'm sure you'll forgive the vicious things I've been saying about you.
You're a single guy, right? Smart man... -- Howard Stern
You're about as accurate as an archer in a centrifuge. -- Brad Barkett
You're acting like a thing from another tax bracket. -- Buffy the Vampire Slayer
You're acting like Butthead and Beaver. -- Thanh Boyer
You're all clear now, kid. Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
You're an ass half. It would take two of you to make an ass whole. -- Cadillac Man
You're an engineer. Go with your instincts. -- Executive Decision
You're an honest man and I'm a liar.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're at Witt's End.
You're basically killing each other to see who's got the better imaginary friend. -- Richard Jeni
You're being engraved onto my calendar. In blood. -- Kendall Bullen
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You're bound to be unhappy if you optimize everything. -- Donald E. Knuth
You're breaking the golden rule of alt.gothic: never post. Ever. -- Bruce Sherrod
You're curiously attracted to me, aren't you? You like to watch, don't you? -- Reality Bites
You're damn right we need a rational code of morality and ethics. But not much progress can be made in that direction while we've still got a majority ranting about gods, devils, souls, and absolute morality, and using an ancient book written by ignorant nomads as a guide. -- Doug Graham
You're dithpicable -- Daffy Duck
You're easily impressed. I like that in a man. -- The Opposite Sex
You're either a) not home, b) home, but don't want to talk to me, or c) home, DESPERATELY want to talk to me, but trapped under something heavy. If it's either a or c, please call me back. -- When Harry Met Sally
You're either rock & roll, or you're not. -- Eddie Van Halen
you're either somebody's wife or somebody's whore, or fast on your way to becoming one or the other. -- John Irving
You're feline sleepwear. The cat's pajamas. -- Joann Boyd
You're finally here and I'm a mess... Can't let you roam inside my head. -- Pearl Jam
You're free to be as much of an asshole as you wish -- as long as I'm not paying for it. -- Todd Masco
You're getting old when you decide to procrastinate but never get around to it. -- The Wyoming Trucker
You're giving them hope... THAT'S cruel. -- Schindler's List
You're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend entirely upon one's point of view. -- Obi-Wan Kenobi
You're Grand Moff Berkun -- Grand Moff Tarkin's younger and much shrewder cousin, who was quietly building a power base in an outlying sector while his brutish relative was getting himself and Emperor Palpatine's expensive hardware blown to atoms at Yavin Four. -- Dan Martinez
You're high or something; try actually using that class you just made.... See, told you. -- Chad McDaniel explains C++
You're in jail? That is SO cool! -- George (on Seinfeld)
You're in like Flynn.
You're involved with Amway? How's Orgegay Ichaelmay?
You're just a slip in my sobriety. -- John Dobbin
You're just a stone flinging, glass house living, something bad. -- John Dobbin
You're just not reaching us dude. And if you try to reach us, I'll kick you in the nads. -- Butt-head
You're just pulling these things from the books you read. I'm beginning to believe there's nothing in there. -- Slacker
You're like a terrorist, only without the hostages. -- Adam Rifkin
You're like an elephant trying to do the dishes.
You're like the porn fairy. Delivering porn to all the good little boys and girls. Or rather, all the *bad* little boys and girls. -- May Jawdat
You're listening to a man so small, he couldn't break a Cheerio. -- Howard Stern
You're my hero
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
You're never alone with schizophrenia.
You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose. -- Lou Holtz
you're never done overoptimizing. -- Rob Earhart
You're never drunk as long as you can lie on the floor without holding on. -- Joe E. Lewis
You're never too old to become younger. -- Mae West
You're nobody till everybody in this town thinks you're poison. -- Elvis Costello
You're nobody until you are difficult. -- Betty Davis
You're not a bimbo. A bimbo is a baby elephant. -- Cadillac Man
You're not a gazelle, and I'm not an ibex. Can I still call you dear? -- Hudsucker Proxy
You're not lost if you don't care where you are.
You're not my real father! -- MST3K
You're not the big cheese. You're little gouda. You're the holes in the swiss. -- Rohit Khare
You're not the only one who's made mistakes, but they're the only things you can truly call your own. -- Billy Joel
You're not too smart, are you? I like that in a man. -- Kathleen Turner (Body Heat)
You're on report, Ensign. My quarters, 1900 hrs. -- Riker
You're one of a million! -- Thanh Boyer
You're one to tell me what I can and can't sense. -- Troi
You're only allowed to light one other person's cigarette. Three on one match is bad luck. It's the old trench-warfare thing: first light, they spot you; second light, they sight you; third light, they shoot you. And in New York... that is a good rule to live by. -- John Popper
You're only as good as your last fiasco. -- L. John Doerr
You're only so sure you're right because they're so sure you're wrong. -- Orson Scott Card (Xenocide)
You're only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You're out of my will. Heck, you're not even gonna be in my won't if you don't shape up. -- John Dobbin
You're overlooking the obvious, this is 5 two hour porno films. -- John Dobbin
You're probably used to eating twigs, right? -- Encino Man
You're really funny... I'd just hate to be there when the laughing stops. -- Friends
You're right Dot. We never should have taken that left turn at Kennebunkport. -- Yakko in Draculee Draculaa
You're right, of course. Let's get back to the order of the day: petty bickering! -- Dan Martinez
You're right, you're right, I know you're right. -- When Harry Met Sally
You're Ruining my Bad Reputation.
You're saying I'm having sex with these men without my knowledge? -- When Harry Met Sally
You're saying Mr. Zero knew you were getting a divorce a week before you did? -- When Harry Met Sally
You're screening, aren't you? You're sitting there, listening to me talk, and you're not picking up the phone. That is just so rude...! -- Megan Coughlin
You're so giving; you're almost like a woman! -- Friends
You're so hot, you melt the plastic in my underwear.
You're so lazy, that if you woke up with nothing to do today, you'd go to bed with it only half done.
You're stapling wings to a pig and hoping it will fly. It's hard to see how you get from there to an F-16. -- Art Stine
You're still one chord shy of the magic "3." -- Top 5
You're still thinking procedurally! A properly designed light bulb object would inherit a change method from a generic light bulb class!
You're such a happening fish, flopping on a digital beach. The waves roll in on zeroes and ones, counting all the setting suns.
You're supposed to stop with the Q-tip when you hit resistance. -- Friends
You're the best fan a role model could have. -- Danny DeVito (the Penguin)
You're the best thing that I've ever found. Handle me with care. -- Traveling Wilburys
You're the kind of person who drinks beer WITHOUT a straw, aren't you? -- Adam Rifkin
You're the missing link in my chainsaw, and I just can't cut it no more.
You're the only person on the planet who can fail a rorschadt test. -- Owen Davis
You're the worst kind. You're high maintenance, but you think you're low maintenance. -- When Harry Met Sally
You're thinking of Captain Pedantic's faithful sidekick, Kid Sphincter. Not to be confused with Buttboy, who appeared alongside Pedantic and Sphincter in the eight-issue limited series, "Dualitrauma", but was never made into a regular character. -- Dan Martinez
You're treading on thin ground.
You're twisted and sick; I like that in a person
You're twisted, perverted, &amp; sick. I like that
You're using c++ now? That's nice, now you can use the latest technology in bad design. -- Nicholas Brownlow
You're using coconuts! -- Monty Python (The Holy Grail)
You're using irc? I'm not going to talk to you any more. You know what's next, right? "Vampire: The Masquerade" -- Kristiina Wilson
You're walking halfway in but you're crawling halfway out, there's a void in your mind that you cling to. You feel lost in time, you've got no words to rhyme, no more charms, no more spells to protect you. -- Queensryche
You're walking on thin water now buster! -- Thanh Boyer
You're wearing me up! -- Thanh Boyer
You're weasin' off his gig. -- Encino Man
You've all heard the saying: If all you have is a hammer, everything starts to look like a nail. That's actually a Modernistic saying. The postmodern version is: If all you have is duct tape, everything starts to look like a duct. Right. When's the last time you used duct tape on a duct? -- Larry Wall
You've been a wonderful audience, I'll be here all week. Don't forget to tip your waitress. -- Ace Ventura
You've been in the SCA too long when your spell check recognizes 'pursuivant' -- Henry of Linlithgow
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
You've been mostly dead all day. -- Princess Bride
You've broken ape law. -- Planet of the Apes
You've dropped, but yet you continue to shop. -- David Letterman
You've got a strong back, get a job. -- Slacker
You've got a tagline, now write a script to go with it. -- John Dobbin
You've got the world by the oyster! -- Thanh Boyer
You've got to be crazy.
You've got to be suspicious of any sentence that begins, "The funniest thing I have ever seen in a urinal..." -- Ted Metzler
You've got to learn to live with what you can't rise above. -- Bruce Springsteen
You've got to put the past behind you before you can move on. That's what my running was about. -- Forrest Gump
You've got to the top of the ladder and found it's against the wrong wall. Well, I think I found what it is you need to break through the wall. -- Joseph Campbell (The Hero's Journey)
You've got to tie your own rope. -- Offspring
You've got to try and be with people who are brighter than yourself, you've got to be prepared sometimes to do things that people say you are not qualified to do, and since you know you are going to get in trouble, you ought to have someone to save you after you are in deep sh*t, so you better always have someone who believes in you. -- James Watson
You've got your passion, you've got your pride, but don't you know that only fools are satisfied? -- Billy Joel
You've gotta have kids, it's the most amazing thing in the world. Little things you didn't appreciate become so important. Like getting a chance to go to the bathroom or take a shower. -- Wayne Cotter
You've gotta understand... this was research code. You need to have a certain level of disbelief while going through it.
You've had a really good night of oral sex if you wake up with a lump in your throat and a string hanging out of your mouth.
You've heard of Plato... Aristotle... SOCRATES? Morons. -- Vizzini (Princess Bride)
You've just had a heavy day commanding a starship. You've fought Klingons off the starboard bow, kept your ship from being blown up many times, and generally worked yourself into a stupor. Now comes LOG time. You deserve more then just LOG, you deserve CAPTAIN'S LOG! -- Dave Hoek
You've made my day, now you've got to sleep in it. -- They Might Be Giants
You've made the grade and the papers want to know whose shirts you wear. -- David Bowie (Space Oddity)
You've never heard of [Pennsic]?...It's a great war, the loser gets to keep Pittsburgh. -- Mary Monica Pulver (The Unforgiving Minutes)
You've no idea of what a poor opinion I have of myself, and how little I deserve it. -- W.S. Gilbert
You've picked a nice area for research. You will have a good thesis. -- Mani Chandy
you've raise some very interesting and important issues. i'll spank you later -- Joshua Schachter
You've read the book. You've seen the movie. Now eat the stew! -- Dani Zweig
You've seen the sheep, now ph33r the pumpkins. -- Colleen McManus
Young girls, especially, don't have a lot of good role models, and they really get underestimated by the film industry. People think that they just want movies like Pretty Woman, when really they - at least the ones that I know personally - have been waiting for something that doesn't completely insult them. -- Winona Ryder
Young Guns, where everyone is Martin Sheen's son but no one has the same last name. What are they, the antiWaltons? -- Dennis Miller
Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
Young people are taking a new designer drug that causes a brief sense of euphoria, followed by a lapse into a coma. Boys, if you want THAT feeling... just get married...
Young people should be out complicating their lives. Will give them something to talk to their therapist. -- Suzanne Zamora
YOUNG'S COROLLARY: The greater the funding, the longer it takes to make the mistake.
YOUNG'S LAW: all great discoveries are made by mistake.
YOUNG'S PRINCIPLE OF INDIVIDUALITY: Everybody wants to peel their own banana.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your aims are high, and you are incapable of much.
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
Your anecdotal evidence has thwarted me. Lo, I hang my head in shame. -- Mark Denovich
Your are the guiding star of his existence.
Your arguments are sound. All sound. And fury.
Your AuthMan icon seems to have disappeared. Oh my God, you must feel so insecure. -- Anu Kapoor
Your Ball Park Frank didn't plump, if you know what I mean. -- Top 5
Your BASTARD AI pushed me off a cliff! -- Hugh Moore
Your boss reached his/her position by being politically astute. Don't turn your back. -- Dilbert
Your bottom will wish it had never been born. -- Blackadder II
Your brain would make a grain of sand seem large and ungainly. -- Blackadder
Your brilliant idea may be combined with a small number of coins to facilitate the procurement of a hot caffeinated beverage. Show me the management team. -- Faisal Jawdat
Your bulletproof vest won't protect you from a head shot! -- Ed Janison
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your butt is mine. -- Michael Jackson (Bad)
Your cat's missing? Have you checked my bumper?
Your Charlie Chaplin outfit is that hat? -- Blackadder IV
Your child is an honor student at Weget High School? Well, my son was Inmate of the Month at San Quentin...
Your children are not your children, they are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself. They came through you but not from you. -- Kahlil Gibran (The Prophet)
Your children need your presence more than your presents. -- Jesse Jackson
Your children use drugs, and you told them to do it. You've been pushing chemicals on TV for years: "Can't sleep? Take a drug. Not happy? Take a drug." ... Where in the world did people get the idea that it's smart to get in a car and go fast? To get in a 4x4 and tear up virgin land. You told them to do it. As much as you're subject to the whims of your deranged clients, you rule the world. You have the reins to the most powerful medium in the world - television. And the only people who can afford to advertise on television are the lowest common denominator of goods ... stuff like McDonald's toad burgers. -- Harlan Ellison
Your code should be more efficient!
Your code should be more efficient
Your computer account is overdrawn. Please reauthorize.
Your condition is so rare, we're not sure we're pronouncing it right. -- Herman
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully. -- Richard Bach
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything. It just stops you from enjoying it.
Your crime is time, and it's 18 and life to go. -- Skid Row
Your csh still thinks true is false. Write to your vendor today and tell them that next year Configure ought to "rm /bin/csh" unless they fix their blasted shell. -- Larry Wall
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your descendants shall gather your fruits. -- Virgil
Your disguise is as good as a giraffe wearing sunglasses trying to get into a polar-bear-only club. -- Blackadder IV
Your disk will self-destruct in 5 seconds.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
Your dreams have come true! alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.blondes is here! -- Robert Harley
Your E-Mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
Your ego's reaching critical mass. -- John Jantos
Your empty file directory has been deleted.
Your end which is endless is as a snowflake dissolving in the pure air. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Your enemies are closing in.
Your existence to date is a waste of calories. If you want to live in a cave, do it in the afterlife and stop getting in the way of the Universe's search for self-awareness. -- Rohit Khare
Your fault -- core dumped.
Your feet have balls but not vice versa...
Your first impressions of people are best.
Your friend is your needs answered. -- Kahlil Gibran
Your friendly neighborhood Atheist.
Your friends love you anyway. -- Dave Barry
Your future looks bright.
Your greatest strength is that you fear everything. -- Charles Bukowski
Your hands and feet are mangoes. You're gonna be a genius anyways. -- Phish
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your help will be needed in an embarrassing situation.
Your house is so nasty, I tripped over a rat, and a cockroach stole my wallet.
Your house is so small the welcome mat just says wel...
Your husband isn't dead, lady. He's hiding. -- Denis Leary
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your imagination can focus on ugliness, distress and failure, or it can picture beauty, success, desired results. You decide how you want your imagination to server you. -- Philip Conley
Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's D.O.A. -- Friends
Your kid may be an honors student, but you're still an idiot.
Your kindness and generosity cause envy in a powerful person nearby.
Your life is the measure of pain, love, and pleasure. -- A.R. Kane (Gather)
Your life reduces quite readily to the halting problem. -- Adam Rifkin
Your life story would not make a good book. Don't even try. -- Fran Lebowitz
Your life would be empty if you had nothing to regreat.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your logic was impeccable, captain. We are in grave danger.
Your long forgotten kindness to someone will bring a substantial sum of money.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be interesting.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good. -- Samuel Johnson
Your messages have the subtlety of a rectal thermometer.
your mind is driving down the road, and everything is fine, until you realize you haven't been paying attention for the last few miles, and you must have taken a wrong turn because the bridge ahead is out, and you're 20 feet away from a long drop, and you slam on your brakes and a sharp pain grasps your neck, and you decide not to do anything even remotely strenuous for a while so you can backtrack and find the fork you should have taken back a few miles. so that's academic whiplash. -- John Jantos
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Your mode of life will be changed to 0644.
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
Your mom is sooo cute. -- John Dobbin
Your momma sure does care about your schooling, son. -- Forrest Gump
Your money buys more when you vacation in sunny California.
Your most useful program will be continually improved until it is useless.
Your mother drank and smoked a lot when she was pregnant with you, right?
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries
Your mother, sir, under pretense of maintaining a bawdy house, receives stolen goods.
Your mother's so old, when I told her to act her age, she died.
Your mouse has moved. Windows NT must be restarted for the change to take effect. Reboot now? [ OK ]
Your move -- Colossus
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your new messiah claims to have fed the multitudes with a bucket of chicken, some fries, and a Big Gulp. -- Top 5
Your next acquaintance will be the right one.
Your not knowing a man's purpose does not mean he is confused.
Your only duties in life are to fix my tapes and eliminate the people i don't like. -- Trupti Patel
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your place in the path of life is in the driver's seat.
Your presence is requested at your earliest convenience. Please be sure your earliest convenience is at 1pm. -- Sher Khan
Your present plans will be successful.
Your proctologist called. They found your head.
Your professor was a bozo. Unless he was somebody important, of course :-) -- Paul Wilson
Your program is sick Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
Your reality is a figment of my imagination.
Your Reality May Vary -- Mark Denovich
Your reality, sir, is lies and balderdash and I'm delighted to say that I have no grasp of it whatsoever. -- Adventures of Barron Munchausen
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your responses are the "Talk Soup" version of the list! -- Jon G. to Adam Rifkin
Your resume will be used on the Tonight Show monologue.
Your salary will be increased.
Your SATs were negative. -- Howard Stern
Your self-destruction doesn't hurt them; your chaos won't convert them. -- Cake
Your silence speaks volumes, or if not volumes, at least the occasional unpunctuated paragraph. -- Windom Earle "Twin Peaks"
Your slogan here.
Your Soap Opera Name = Your Middle Name + The Street You Grew Up On. Your Porn Star Name = Your First Pet's Name + Your Mother's Maiden Name.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your solution to every problem is your homemade "Kiddie Nunchuck." -- Top 5
Your statement fully describes the situation partially.
Your step will soil many countries.
Your suffering will be legendary, even in Hell... -- Pinhead (Hellbound)
Your superior intellect is no match for our puny weapons! -- from Spaced Invaders
Your superior intellect is no match for our puny weapons. -- The Simpsons
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your suspicions are groundless. W/e/ a/r/e/ (strike outs) the CIA is not following you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your temporary financial embarassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true. -- Niels Bohr (To a young physicist)
Your thesis topic is not the culmination of your best ideas, it's just something that you can prove in detail... I think your thesis is just supposed to be something that you compromise on. Every minute you are writing your thesis you are not doing new and interesting research. -- Greg Bolcer
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your trust in rationality makes you irrational. -- Orson Scott Card (Children of the Mind)
Your web fu is very good. Let's fight. -- Bruce Sherrod
Your winning smile is your greatest asset.
Your wives are your field; therefore, to your field as you will. -- Koran
Your work is only as good as your concentra... Hey look! A cloud shaped like Snoopy! -- Martell Stroup
Your work is very poor, but at least it's slow.
Your worst humiliation is only someone else's momentary entertainment. -- Karen Crockett
Your zen-fu sucks. -- Joshua Schachter
Yours is no disgrace.
Yours is the profession of arms, the will to win, the sure knowledge that in war there is no substitute for victory, that if you lose, the nation will be destroyed, that the very obsession of your public service must be duty, honor, country. -- General Douglas MacArthur
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
Youth is a wonderful thing; what a crime to waste it on children. -- George Bernard Shaw
Youth is not a time of life, it's a state of mind.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
YOYO MODE n. State in which a computer (relatively) rapidly changes states between 'UP' and 'DOWN'.
Yugos have rear defrosters to keep your hands warm when you push the car.
Yum! Give me some flatulence-goblin bread! -- Megan Coughlin
Zack Norman is Sammy in Chief Zabu. -- old Variety ad
Zall's First Law: Any time you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do will be wrong.
Zall's Second Law: How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
Ze [hula hoop] is quite simple, really. It operates on ze same prinziples zat keep ze Earth spinning around ze Sun, and zat keep you from flying off ze Earth into the cold reaches of space, vere you vould die like a miserable schvine. -- Hudsucker Proxy
Zebra, n.: The largest size a woman can buy.
Zebrinski's First Law: Don't believe in miracles; rely on them.
Zed's dead, baby. -- Pulp Fiction
Zen druidry, n.: Transcendental vegetation.
Zen is a philosophy which seems to have embraced the notion that the road to ultimate truth, like the only surefire cure for hiccups, may bristle with paradoxes. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Zen is intellectual quicksand - anarchy, darkness, meaningless, chaos. And yet it it has its own special king of meaning, brightness, and clarity. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Zen is like a man hanging in a tree by his teeth over a precipice... Why did Bodhidharma come to China from India? If the man in the tree does not answer, he fails; and if he does answer, he falls and loses his life. Now what shall he do? -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Zen recognizes its own limitations, just as mathematicians have learned to recognize the limitations of the axiomatic method as a method for attaining truth. -- Douglas Hofstadter (Godel Escher Bach)
Zen sex - is that like the Koan about the sound of one hand clapping? -- Jim Salsman
Zen T-Shirt: Enlightenment Available - Enquire Within
Zen vow: Buddha's teachings are unlimited I vow to learn them all.
Zen vow: Defilements are endless I vow to eliminate them all.
Zen vow: I vow to achieve the way of enlightenment from my self-nature.
Zen vow: I vow to eliminate all defilements from my mind.
Zen vow: I vow to embrace every teaching of my self-nature.
Zen vow: I vow to liberate all ordinary-beings from my mind.
Zen vow: Ordinary-beings are innumerable I vow to liberate them all.
Zen vow: The ways of enlightenment are supreme I vow to achieve them all.
ZenCrafters: Total Enlightenment, in about an hour.
Zenocide, n.: The killing of ancient philosophers.
Zenophobia, n.: The irrational fear of convergent sequences.
Zephyr is the perfect transport agent for stupid little shit... -- John Prevost
Zero, n.: The space left after installing OS/2.
Ziggy says there's a 94.7% chance this show is gonna be cancelled.
Zima tastes like zhit.
Zimmerman's Law of Complaints: Nobody notices when things go right.
Zmodem has bigger bits, softer blocks, and tighter ASCII
Zonker Harris HAS to be related to Al Gore.
Zoologists used to think that Grimace was the last survivor of the species of 'Fat Purple Fuck'. The discovery of Barney and Baby Bop leads biologists to believe that there still may be a breeding pair in the wild. Heavy lobbying to prevent the species from being declared endangered so that year-round hunting may continue is underway at this time.
Zorch, n.: Computing power.
Zsa Zsa Gabor, when asked which of the Gabor women was the oldest, said "She'll never admit it, but I believe it is mama."
ZYMURGY'S LABOUR LAW: People are always available for work in the past tense.
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor: People are always available for work in the past tense.
